
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3742420000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 258618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1293616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   459292                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              967724833                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000068                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1776170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003742                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3742420000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188574                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000068                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1776170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203371                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1268633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3742409                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3742409                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305124                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1000627                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       166912                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10860                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1761816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1761816                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3292249                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1489073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203286                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303069                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99783                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7703      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1447338     81.49%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11305      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202331     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94265      5.31%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1776182                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1261936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1261936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1261936                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1261936                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6697                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6697                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    411477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    411477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1268633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1268633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61441.988950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61441.988950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61441.988950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61441.988950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6697                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    398083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59441.988950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59441.988950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59441.988950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59441.988950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6441                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1261936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    411477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1268633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61441.988950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61441.988950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59441.988950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59441.988950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.676826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  975516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.454122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.676826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1275330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1275330                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        17324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       607936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       607936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  607936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           41613500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          340480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          160320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              500800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       340480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         340480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       107136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           107136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1674                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           90978565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           42838591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              133817156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      90978565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          90978565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28627466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28627466                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28627466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          90978565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          42838591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             162444621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       920.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5320.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2210.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002022382500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            53                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            53                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17650                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 837                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7825                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1674                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7825                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1674                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     295                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    754                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      62932000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                204119500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8357.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27107.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5529                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      740                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7825                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1674                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     250.639367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.386159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.608198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           658     30.62%     30.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          705     32.81%     63.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          309     14.38%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          175      8.14%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           82      3.82%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           83      3.86%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      2.05%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.79%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           76      3.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      130.830189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      56.869429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     291.186943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              31     58.49%     58.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            15     28.30%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      5.66%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      1.89%     94.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      1.89%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      1.89%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      1.89%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.792453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.764517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.987586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                31     58.49%     58.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      5.66%     64.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     33.96%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  481920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    18880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    56960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   500800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                107136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        128.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     133.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3741933000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      393929.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       340480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       141440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        56960                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 90978564.672057107091                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37793727.053617708385                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15220098.225212562829                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2505                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1674                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    144181500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     59938000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  62888282500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27101.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23927.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  37567671.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6383160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3388935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25582620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2991060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         968512080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         621500160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1923385215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         513.941571                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1606965250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2010654750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8974980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4766520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28181580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1654740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1005055350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         590726880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1934387250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         516.881390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1523592750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    124800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2094027250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299241                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299241                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3979                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3979                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    194432000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    195081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48987.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48987.654321                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49027.645137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49027.645137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2053                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    187125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46988.158226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46988.158226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47028.147776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47028.147776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3722                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    118303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    118303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46158.017948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46158.017948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44158.798283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44158.798283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     76129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54145.803698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54145.803698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73317000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73317000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52145.803698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52145.803698                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       649000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       649000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        64900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       629000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       629000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        62900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        62900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.726993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  157958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.439011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.726993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.971590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.971590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307198                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1473                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2850                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358753000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    516699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358753000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    516699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67434.774436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63027.134876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66023.383593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67434.774436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63027.134876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66023.383593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1674                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65434.774436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61027.932961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64023.639152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65434.774436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61027.932961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64023.639152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358753000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    516699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67434.774436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63027.134876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66023.383593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    348113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    501049000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65434.774436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61027.932961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64023.639152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2053                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.733175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.875945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   362.213498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    79.643732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.707448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.155554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22041                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10676                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10675                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2053                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       385984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   814592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20941000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19890000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3742420000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7274767000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 267147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   466802                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              971160724                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001072                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3496696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007275                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7274767000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364489                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3496696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380398                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2572578                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7274756                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7274756                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2508574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1966896                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321939                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16184                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3472703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3472703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6548482                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2945932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380313                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580846                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200533                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15504      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2859649     81.78%     82.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33942      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379358     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  195015      5.58%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3496708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2563449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2563449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2563449                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2563449                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    563957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    563957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2572578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2572578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61776.426772                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61776.426772                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61776.426772                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61776.426772                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    545699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59776.426772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59776.426772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59776.426772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59776.426772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2563449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2563449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2572578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61776.426772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61776.426772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    545699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59776.426772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59776.426772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.747116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2116868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.574101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.747116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2581707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2581707                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        28792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1015296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1015296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1015296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           68432250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          474752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          352640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              827392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       474752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         474752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       187904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           187904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           65260097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           48474405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              113734502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      65260097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          65260097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25829556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25829556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25829556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          65260097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          48474405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             139564058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       938.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7418.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4334.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004239198500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            54                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            54                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28263                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 852                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12928                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2936                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12928                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2936                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1998                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      93551750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    58760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                313901750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7960.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26710.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8717                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      753                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12928                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2936                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     254.112923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    179.306276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    228.843183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           889     27.89%     27.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1030     32.31%     60.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          535     16.78%     76.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          305      9.57%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          125      3.92%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          128      4.02%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      1.85%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.91%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           88      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           54                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      163.129630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      60.672550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     373.531441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              31     57.41%     57.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            15     27.78%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      5.56%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      1.85%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      1.85%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      1.85%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      1.85%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      1.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             54                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           54                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.777778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.750032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.984151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     59.26%     59.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      5.56%     64.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     33.33%     98.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             54                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  752128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    75264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    57984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   827392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                187904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     113.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7270007000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      458270.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       474752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       277376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        57984                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 65260096.990047931671                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38128506.383778341115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7970564.555538342334                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5510                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2936                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    194539750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    119362000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85167688500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26225.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     21662.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29008068.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10103100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5369925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43768200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3074580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      574073760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2083364250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1039098720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3758852535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.697309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2682976000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    242840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4348951000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12659220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6728535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40141080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1654740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      574073760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2007261270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1103185440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3745704045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.889899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2846179750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    242840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4185747250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571619                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571619                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9378                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9378                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    420570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44825.042699                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44825.042699                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44846.449136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44846.449136                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4358                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4358                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    401187000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    401816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42825.256191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42825.256191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42846.662401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42846.662401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9121                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       377125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45375.084631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45375.084631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43375.355450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43375.355450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198616                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84826000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84826000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009885                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42776.601109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42776.601109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     80860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80860000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009885                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40776.601109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40776.601109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       649000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       649000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        64900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       629000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       629000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        62900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        62900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.258486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.935095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.258486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590374                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5578                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    823095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    823095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66545.025613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59782.979496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63662.696264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66545.025613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59782.979496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63662.696264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    797239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    797239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64545.025613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57783.342406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61662.850955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64545.025613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57783.342406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61662.850955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15147                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    493631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    823095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66545.025613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59782.979496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63662.696264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    478795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    797239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64545.025613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57783.342406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61662.850955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4358                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.689473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.877950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   421.854459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    48.957064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.068121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.823934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.095619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38524                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18506                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4358                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       879040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1463296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7274767000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10936768000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 266167                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1297300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   463700                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              964571384                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3017860                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5257628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010937                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10936768000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541668                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3017860                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5257628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565145                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314373                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3909730                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10936757                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10936757                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3730541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889347                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       474984                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21716                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5225237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5225237                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9960872                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4431309                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565061                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879355                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314294                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4291271     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564106     10.73%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308776      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5257641                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3898051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3898051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3898051                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3898051                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    729745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    729745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    729745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    729745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3909730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3909730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62483.517424                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62483.517424                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62483.517424                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62483.517424                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    706387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    706387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    706387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    706387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60483.517424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60483.517424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60483.517424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60483.517424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3898051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3898051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    729745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    729745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3909730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62483.517424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62483.517424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    706387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    706387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60483.517424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60483.517424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.836292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3656522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.101725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.836292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3921409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3921409                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        41001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        41001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  41001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1447680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1447680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1447680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            39576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           97092750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          622336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          554048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1176384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       622336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         622336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       271296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           271296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4239                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           56903100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           50659208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              107562307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      56903100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          56903100                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24805866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24805866                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24805866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          56903100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          50659208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             132368173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       948.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9724.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6570.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.015542744500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            55                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            55                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                39590                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 869                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4239                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4239                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2087                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3291                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     124519750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    81470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                430032250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7642.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26392.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12184                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      767                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4239                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     258.249824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    184.328645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    226.375407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1119     26.22%     26.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1358     31.83%     58.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          792     18.56%     76.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          424      9.94%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          171      4.01%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          174      4.08%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           80      1.87%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           42      0.98%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          107      2.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           55                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      289.309091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      66.160750                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1006.285761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             49     89.09%     89.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      1.82%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.82%     92.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.82%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.82%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.82%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      1.82%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             55                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           55                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.800000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.771965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     58.18%     58.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      5.45%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                19     34.55%     98.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             55                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1042816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   133568                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    59136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1176384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                271296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         95.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     107.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10778172000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      476488.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       622336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       420480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        59136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 56903099.709164537489                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38446458.771000720561                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5407081.872816540301                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4239                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    249938250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    180094000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 190502381500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25703.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     20803.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  44940406.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14087220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7487535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             64538460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3095460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      862954560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3286475790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1432160640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5670799665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         518.507814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3694443000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    365040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6877285000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16379160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8705730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             51800700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1727820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      862954560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3012538920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1662844320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5616951210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.584197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4291512250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    365040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6280215750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864503                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864503                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    654238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    654238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    654887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    654887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43639.140875                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43639.140875                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43653.312892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43653.312892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    624256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    624885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41639.274280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41639.274280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41653.446207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41653.446207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    557768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45050.319037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45050.319037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43050.319037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43050.319037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311749                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96470000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     96470000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008306                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36947.529682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36947.529682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91250000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91250000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34948.295672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34948.295672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       649000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       649000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        64900                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       629000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       629000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        62900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        62900                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.511272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  344939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.393625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.511272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894506                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894506                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507712000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1149631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507712000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1149631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66013.883176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58640.794641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62541.127190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66013.883176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58640.794641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62541.127190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1112869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1112869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64013.883176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56641.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60541.235992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64013.883176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56641.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60541.235992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    641919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507712000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1149631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66013.883176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58640.794641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62541.127190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1112869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64013.883176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56641.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60541.235992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.802452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.625062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   443.890928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    37.286462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.052002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.072825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10936768000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14222044000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 279516                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1298876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   485227                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              993613690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000768                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6945253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014222                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14222044000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711502                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6945253                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739145                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401509                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5157452                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14222033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14222033                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001885                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934861                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630277                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25458                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6903837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6903837                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13099106                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5870340                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      739031                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140456                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29549      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5693537     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74957      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   738076     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395907      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6945266                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5143959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5143959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5143959                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5143959                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    851163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    851163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5157452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5157452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.820203                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63081.820203                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.820203                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63081.820203                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    824177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61081.820203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61081.820203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61081.820203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61081.820203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13237                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5143959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5143959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    851163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5157452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63081.820203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63081.820203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    824177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61081.820203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61081.820203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.336106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4755167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.232983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.336106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5170945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5170945                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5290                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        49352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        49352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  49352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1748544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1748544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1748544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            48481000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          116324750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          727552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          682432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1409984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       727552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         727552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       338560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           338560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5290                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           51156641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           47984101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               99140742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      51156641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          51156641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23805298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23805298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23805298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          51156641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          47984101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             122946041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1074.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11368.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8071.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.015542744500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            62                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            62                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                47770                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 983                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22031                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5290                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22031                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5290                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4216                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               5158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     148119000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    97195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                512600250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7619.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26369.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14519                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      869                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22031                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5290                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     257.331763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    183.660976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    226.272916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1349     26.48%     26.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1632     32.04%     58.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          943     18.51%     77.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          493      9.68%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          196      3.85%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          207      4.06%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           94      1.85%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           51      1.00%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          129      2.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      275.870968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      71.006781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     948.508518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             54     87.10%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      4.84%     91.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.61%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.61%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.61%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.61%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      1.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.854839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.824896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.021840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                35     56.45%     56.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      4.84%     61.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                22     35.48%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      3.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1244096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   165888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    66880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1409984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                338560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         87.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      99.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14218584000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      520426.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       727552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       516544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        66880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 51156641.056658245623                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36319955.134437777102                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4702558.928941578604                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10663                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5290                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    292700750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    219899500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 304998633750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25747.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     20622.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  57655696.36                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16779000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8914455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             76355160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3325140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1122332640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4098966330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2009504160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7336176885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         515.831401                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5188111000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    474760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8559173000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19606440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10417275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             62439300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2129760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1122332640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3805145010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2256932640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7279003065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.811317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5828014750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    474760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7919269250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121916                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121916                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18725                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18725                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    807145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    807145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    808198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1134112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1134112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43142.070661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43142.070661                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43161.441923                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43161.441923                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    769729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769729000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    770750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    770750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41142.177562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41142.177562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41161.548732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41161.548732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18468                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          717027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              717027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    700018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44904.612227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44904.612227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    668842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42904.740522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42904.740522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398376                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107127000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    107127000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401496                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34335.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34335.576923                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100887000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32335.576923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32335.576923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1053000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1053000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1021000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1021000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.086165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.378709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.086165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159365                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22032                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    623220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1374133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    623220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1374133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66054.978888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58441.485371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62369.871097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66054.978888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58441.485371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62369.871097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5290                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    728177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    601894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1330071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    728177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    601894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1330071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64054.978888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56441.672918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60369.961874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64054.978888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56441.672918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60369.961874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26599                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    623220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1374133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66054.978888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58441.485371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62369.871097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    728177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    601894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1330071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64054.978888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56441.672918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60369.961874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.772081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.400640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.161347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    30.210094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.885081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.059004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67786                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32218                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1739584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74503000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14222044000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17682977000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 274674                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1298876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   476517                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              971391785                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017683                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17682977000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888634                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916562                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502136                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17682966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17682966                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247561                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4922917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788246                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30310                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624389                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16366502                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7333957                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916448                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418500                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502052                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36017      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117319     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95781      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915493     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496534      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674384                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6430748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6430748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6430748                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6430748                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    972796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    972796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    972796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    972796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62911.207398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62911.207398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62911.207398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62911.207398                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    941870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    941870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    941870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    941870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60911.207398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60911.207398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60911.207398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60911.207398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6430748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6430748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    972796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    972796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62911.207398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62911.207398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    941870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    941870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60911.207398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60911.207398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.661765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6063877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.755639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.661765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6461674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6461674                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               26362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              26362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        59239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        59239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  59239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2104128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2104128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2104128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            58937000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          139221750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          834368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          852800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1687168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       834368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         834368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       416960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           416960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                26362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           47184815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           48227174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               95411989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      47184815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          47184815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23579740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23579740                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23579740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          47184815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          48227174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             118991729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1083.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13037.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10242.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.015542744500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            63                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            63                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                57565                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1000                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        26362                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6515                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      26362                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6515                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3083                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     178290000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   116395000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                614771250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7658.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26408.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17202                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      882                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  26362                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6515                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    23279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     248.943432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    177.786513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    220.693210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1745     27.88%     27.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2011     32.13%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1152     18.41%     78.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          581      9.28%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          214      3.42%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          246      3.93%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          113      1.81%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      0.93%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          138      2.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      343.984127                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.858368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1085.099066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             54     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.59%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.59%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.59%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.59%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.59%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      1.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.873016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.842936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.023783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                35     55.56%     55.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      4.76%     60.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     36.51%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      3.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1489856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   197312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    68032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1687168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                416960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      95.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17682523000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      537838.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       834368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       655488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        68032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 47184815.090807393193                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37068871.378388382494                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3847315.980787624605                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13325                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6515                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    332559000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    282212250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 371602509750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25508.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     21179.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  57037990.75                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20120520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10694310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             91863240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3325140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1395847440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5151067770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2452522080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9125440500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.057930                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6330626250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    590460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10761890750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24561600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13054800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             74348820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2223720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1395847440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4796748360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2750896320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9057681060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.226027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7102658500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    590460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9989858500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1395054                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1395054                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1021435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1021435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1022488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1022488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43253.652340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43253.652340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43268.926410                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43268.926410                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10584                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10584                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    974207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    974207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    975228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    975228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41253.737032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41253.737032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41269.011045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41269.011045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          888964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              888964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    905824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45438.876348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45438.876348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    865956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43438.976674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43438.976674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    115611000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31416.032609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31416.032609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108251000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108251000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29416.032609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29416.032609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1053000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1053000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1021000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1021000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63812.500000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.460743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  707952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.288012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.460743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442315                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12731                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    858014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787862000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1645876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    858014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787862000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1645876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65813.760835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59122.167192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62431.286272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65813.760835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59122.167192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62431.286272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    761212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    761212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593152000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63813.760835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57122.317275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60431.362136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63813.760835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57122.317275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60431.362136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32147                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26363                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    858014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1645876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65813.760835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59122.167192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62431.286272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    831940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    761212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63813.760835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57122.317275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60431.362136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10584                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.403853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.951422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.245651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    25.206779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.900870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.049232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82337                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39094                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10584                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2189696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3179328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             92014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17682977000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21222980000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 270600                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1298876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   467222                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              953940841                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6020171                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10394594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021223                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21222980000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055743                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6020171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10394594                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102165                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586162                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7766125                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21222969                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21222969                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7505549                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5993293                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       938698                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34160                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10333155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10333155                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19572213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8810876                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102023                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688095                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586072                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8538760     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101068     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580554      5.59%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10394607                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7747753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7747753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7747753                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7747753                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1160384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1160384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1160384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1160384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7766125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7766125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63160.461572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63160.461572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63160.461572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63160.461572                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123642000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123642000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61160.570433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61160.570433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61160.570433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61160.570433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7747753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7747753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1160384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1160384000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7766125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63160.461572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63160.461572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61160.570433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61160.570433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.884984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7525100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.407121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.884984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7784496                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7784496                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        69806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        69806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2471424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            68320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          164763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1001728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          994432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1996160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1001728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1001728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       475264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           475264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                31190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           47200158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           46856379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               94056537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      47200158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          47200158                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22393839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22393839                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22393839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          47200158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          46856379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             116450376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.016205704750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            68                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            68                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                68431                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1080                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        31190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7426                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      31190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7426                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   6248                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     211188000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   139020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                732513000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7595.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26345.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     20600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      959                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  31190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7426                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     250.632761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    178.235975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    223.846583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2042     27.62%     27.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2389     32.31%     59.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1331     18.00%     77.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          702      9.50%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          258      3.49%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          294      3.98%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          129      1.74%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           73      0.99%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          175      2.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           68                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      407.955882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      82.875240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1210.187656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             57     83.82%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      5.88%     89.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.47%     91.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.47%     92.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.47%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.47%     95.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.47%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.47%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      1.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             68                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           68                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.882353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.852717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.015248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                37     54.41%     54.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      5.88%     60.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                25     36.76%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             68                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1779456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   216704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    73472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1996160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                475264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      94.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21136034000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      547338.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1001728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       777728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        73472                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 47200157.565054483712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36645560.614013679326                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3461907.799941384699                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7426                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    394703000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    337810000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 521277554250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25217.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     21740.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  70196277.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23162160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12310980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            108549420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3325140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1674894000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5992492650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3103314720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10918049070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.444676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8015163000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    708500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12499317000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              29623860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15745455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             89971140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2667420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1674894000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5641612620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3398792640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10853307135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.394118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8779083500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    708500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11735396500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1649921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1649921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1660802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1660802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1200790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1200790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1202572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1202572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43688.921230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43688.921230                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43710.817098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43710.817098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1145820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1145820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1147548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41688.921230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41688.921230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41710.817098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41710.817098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1067910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1067910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1074979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1074979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46043.560200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46043.560200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1028285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44043.560200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44043.560200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125811000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    125811000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30403.818270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30403.818270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28403.818270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28403.818270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1782000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1782000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        66000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1728000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1728000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.717492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  956844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.105812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.717492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1715826                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1715826                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1025504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1955111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1025504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1955111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65514.853383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59827.970138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62681.895419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65514.853383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59827.970138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62681.895419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    994200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    898531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1892731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    994200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    898531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1892731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63514.981154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57827.970138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60681.959540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63514.981154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57827.970138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60681.959540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1025504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    929607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1955111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65514.853383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59827.970138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62681.895419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    994200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    898531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1892731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63514.981154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57827.970138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60681.959540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.836891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.248900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.526129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    22.061863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.909231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21222980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24751699000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 272002                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1298876                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   470308                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              961776972                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12103533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024752                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24751699000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1234833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12103533                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268703                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699392                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037275                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24751699                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24751699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8716202                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6872547                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094044                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40422                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034324                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034324                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22870871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244263                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268561                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967863                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699302                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52102      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937377     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139437      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267606     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693784      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12103546                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    43                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016652                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016652                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1306610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1306610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1306610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1306610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63356.931581                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63356.931581                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63356.931581                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63356.931581                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1265364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1265364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61356.931581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61356.931581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61356.931581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61356.931581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20367                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1306610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1306610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63356.931581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63356.931581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1265364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61356.931581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61356.931581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.043946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.213403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.043946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9057898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9057898                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        82384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        82384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  82384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2923072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2923072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2923072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          194056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1132032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1217472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2349504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1132032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1132032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       573568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           573568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            19023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                36711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           45735527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49187411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               94922938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      45735527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          45735527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23172874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23172874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23172874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          45735527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49187411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             118095812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1190.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17688.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15284.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.016205704750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                81209                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1097                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        36711                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8962                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      36711                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8962                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3739                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   7772                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     253720000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   164860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                871945000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7695.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26445.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     24133                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      974                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  36711                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8962                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    32972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     241.922694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.506488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    217.353290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2596     28.75%     28.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2966     32.85%     61.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1593     17.64%     79.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          824      9.13%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          291      3.22%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          348      3.85%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      1.59%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           83      0.92%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          184      2.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      403.956522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      83.436196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1201.715544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             58     84.06%     84.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      5.80%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.45%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      1.45%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.45%     94.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.45%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.45%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.45%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      1.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.898551                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.868810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.016698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                37     53.62%     53.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      5.80%     59.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                26     37.68%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2110208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   239296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    74624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2349504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                573568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         85.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      94.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24748132000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      541854.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1132032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       978176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        74624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 45735527.084423579276                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39519549.748887948692                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3014904.148600061890                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8962                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    443448500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    428496500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 531854225500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25070.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22525.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  59345483.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27431880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14580390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            128848440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3325140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1953325920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7314947940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3344696640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12787156350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.617318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8631162250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    826280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15294256750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              37049460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19684665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            106571640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2761380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1953325920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6840319200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3744384000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12704096265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.261585                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9666409750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    826280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14259009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934216                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934216                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1492430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1492430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1494212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1494212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44103.844676                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44103.844676                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44121.301600                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44121.301600                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1424752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1426480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42103.844676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42103.844676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42121.301600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42121.301600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1355881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1355881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46760.967030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46760.967030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1297889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297889000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44760.967030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44760.967030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136549000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699379                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28195.126987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28195.126987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126863000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126863000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26195.126987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26195.126987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1782000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1782000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        66000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        66000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1728000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1728000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        64000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.900332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.113801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.900332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2001948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2001948                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1156270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1157271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2313541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1156270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1157271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2313541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65370.307553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60835.357199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63020.375364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65370.307553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60835.357199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63020.375364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1119225000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2240119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1119225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2240119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63370.307553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58835.357199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61020.375364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63370.307553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58835.357199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61020.375364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44939                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1156270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1157271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2313541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65370.307553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60835.357199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63020.375364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1120894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1119225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2240119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63370.307553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58835.357199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61020.375364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.145274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.890148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.451145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.803982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.914944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24751699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
