
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3490412000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104857                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34266904                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   186238                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              365857937                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000343                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1776769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003490                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3490412000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188704                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1776769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203410                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1268896                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3490401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3490401                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305476                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1000814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       166993                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10910                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1762389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1762389                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3293068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1489525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203325                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303092                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99767                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7702      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1447922     81.49%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11298      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.12%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202370     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94249      5.30%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1776781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1379                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4959                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2863                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    168227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    168227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58295.977011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59476.402493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58758.994062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58295.977011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59476.402493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58758.994062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56295.977011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57476.402493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56758.994062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56295.977011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57476.402493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56758.994062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58295.977011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59476.402493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58758.994062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     97955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.327068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.448841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56295.977011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57476.402493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56758.994062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1672                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2232.784612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1295.339384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   937.445228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.019765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.014304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.034070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.043686                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            12357                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           12357                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1262200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1262200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1262200                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1262200                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6696                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    219824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    219824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1268896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1268896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32829.151732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32829.151732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32829.151732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32829.151732                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    206432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    206432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30829.151732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30829.151732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30829.151732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30829.151732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6440                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1262200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1262200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1268896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32829.151732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32829.151732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206432000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206432000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30829.151732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30829.151732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.710469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  976075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.564441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.710469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1275592                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1275592                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2863000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15203000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           71872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              183232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       111360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         111360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           31904543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20591265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               52495809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      31904543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          31904543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          31904543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20591265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52495809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1740.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 6622                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2863                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2863                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      19178750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 72860000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6698.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25448.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2239                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2863                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     293.641026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    182.749323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    303.206491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           202     32.37%     32.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          180     28.85%     61.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74     11.86%     73.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           38      6.09%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      4.81%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      3.53%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      2.08%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      1.28%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           57      9.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  183232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   183232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         52.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      52.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3457847000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1207770.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       111360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 31904543.073998142034                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20591265.443735580891                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1740                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     43480000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29380000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24988.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26162.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1656480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                880440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9232020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         217822080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1156889280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1661839020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.115433                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3005462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    368470000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2798880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1487640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11209800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      275358720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         433136160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         975572160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1699563360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.923423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2531763500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    116480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    842168500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           297177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               297177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          299270                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              299270                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               3963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              3973                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    133570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    134144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33704.264446                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33704.264446                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33763.906368                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33763.906368                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2050                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31704.769114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31704.769114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31764.409766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31764.409766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3716                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     56575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22125.537740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22125.537740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     51463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20126.319906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20126.319906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     76995000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76995000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54761.735420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54761.735420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52761.735420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52761.735420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.941571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  158001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.519107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.941571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307215                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2846                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          5320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7823                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    264187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    264187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.733246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31412.593985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38782.261286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33770.548383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31412.593985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38782.261286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33770.548383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1672                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29412.593985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36783.060328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31770.804039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29412.593985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36783.060328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31770.804039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8795                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    167115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    264187000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.733246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31412.593985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38782.261286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33770.548383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    156475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248543000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.794504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.630003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.733246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29412.593985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36783.060328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31770.804039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.870681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.333712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    57.536224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   364.691716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    77.642740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.712289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.151646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22026                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10669                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10668                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2050                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         9995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   23387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       428544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   813952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            19860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3490412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6781917000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117992                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206177                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              400093261                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3494870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006782                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6781917000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364365                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3494870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380190                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2571186                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            83                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6781906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    6781906                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2507016                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1965784                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321796                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16232                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3470853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3470853                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6544669                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2944329                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380105                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580487                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200382                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15502      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2858212     81.78%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33914      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.02%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.06%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379150     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  194864      5.58%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3494882                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4385                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10015                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          2911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66792000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    171565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    171565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58597.874720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59476.402493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58936.791481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58597.874720                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59476.402493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58936.791481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    165743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    165743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56597.874720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57476.402493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56936.791481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56597.874720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57476.402493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56936.791481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58597.874720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59476.402493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58936.791481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    165743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.241035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.203885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56597.874720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57476.402493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56936.791481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2550.820988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1523.319445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1027.501544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.023244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.015678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.038922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2910                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.044418                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18772                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2562057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2562057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2562057                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2562057                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9129                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    267957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    267957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2571186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2571186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29352.283930                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29352.283930                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29352.283930                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29352.283930                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27352.283930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27352.283930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27352.283930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27352.283930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       8873                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2562057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2562057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    267957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    267957000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2571186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2571186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29352.283930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29352.283930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27352.283930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27352.283930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.763002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2117435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  8873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                238.638003                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.763002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2580315                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2580315                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  186304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           15457250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          114432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           71872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              186304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       114432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         114432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 2911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16873105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           10597594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27470699                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16873105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16873105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16873105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          10597594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27470699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1788.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1123.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7562                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         2911                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       2911                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      20018500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    14555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 74599750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6876.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25626.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2275                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   2911                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     2911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     292.930818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    182.591037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    302.276822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           205     32.23%     32.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          185     29.09%     61.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           75     11.79%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           39      6.13%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           31      4.87%     84.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      3.46%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      2.04%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      1.42%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           57      8.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  186304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   186304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5813930000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1997227.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       114432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        71872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16873105.347647279501                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 10597593.571257211268                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1788                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     45219750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     29380000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25290.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26162.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1670760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy                888030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9253440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         266518890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2379877920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3193560480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.893477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6184497250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    226293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    371126500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2870280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1525590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11531100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      535351440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         496625610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2186103840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3234007860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         476.857481                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5678246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    226293250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    877377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571264                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571264                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9374                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9374                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    226640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    227214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    227214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24203.331909                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24203.331909                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24238.745466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24238.745466                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4357                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4357                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22203.545493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22203.545493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22238.958822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22238.958822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9117                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19100.663867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19100.663867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17100.934833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17100.934833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         198465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             198465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85658000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85658000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.009893                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43196.167423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43196.167423                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81692000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81692000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009893                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41196.167423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41196.167423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.367277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  245771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.957442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.367277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590011                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590011                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5576                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12927                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    333781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    333781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           18503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          18503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.698643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.698643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26642.086816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24714.104193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25820.453315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26642.086816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24714.104193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25820.453315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24642.086816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22714.467235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23820.608030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24642.086816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22714.467235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23820.608030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15144                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136150000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    333781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          18503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.698643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26642.086816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24714.104193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25820.453315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    182795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.812575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.698643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24642.086816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22714.467235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23820.608030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4357                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.757470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  21606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.426704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    34.673326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   423.184212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    47.899932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.826532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.093555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38516                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                18503                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               18502                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4357                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   41362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       878720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       584256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1462976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            45645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40288000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6781917000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10212228000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126971                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34270588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221208                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              429585788                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3018346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5258600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010212                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10212228000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541830                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3018346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5258600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565226                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3910297                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10212217                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10212217                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3731135                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889671                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       475092                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21770                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5226182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5226182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9962465                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4432065                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565142                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879463                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314321                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22523      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4292135     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564187     10.73%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308803      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5258613                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15115                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    191320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    191320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58119.239905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59413.436693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58579.301898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58119.239905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59413.436693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58579.301898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66657000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66657000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56119.239905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57413.436693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56579.301898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56119.239905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57413.436693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56579.301898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    122341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191320000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58119.239905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59413.436693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58579.301898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    118131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66657000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.134111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.177683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56119.239905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57413.436693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56579.301898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2687.758014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1627.104668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1060.653346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.016184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.041012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.049835                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3898618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3898618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3898618                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3898618                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11679                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    332369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    332369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3910297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3910297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28458.686531                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28458.686531                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28458.686531                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28458.686531                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26458.686531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26458.686531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26458.686531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26458.686531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11423                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3898618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3898618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3910297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3910297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28458.686531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28458.686531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26458.686531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26458.686531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.850317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3657089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                320.151361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.850317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3921976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3921976                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  209024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3266000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17330750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          134720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           74304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              209024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           13192028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            7275983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20468011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      13192028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          13192028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          13192028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           7275983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20468011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2105.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1161.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9154                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3266                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      21303750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    16330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 82541250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6522.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25272.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3266                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     306.936858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    190.337132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    310.199363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           214     31.42%     31.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          190     27.90%     59.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           77     11.31%     70.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           45      6.61%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      5.43%     82.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      3.96%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           15      2.20%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.47%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           66      9.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           681                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  209024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   209024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10053628000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3078269.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       134720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        74304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 13192028.223420001566                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 7275983.262418347411                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2105                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52239500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30301750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24816.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26099.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               1934940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1028445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11509680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         373108320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3607299360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4800673785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         470.090737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9374488750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    496879250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2927400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1555950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11809560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      805793040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         564262950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3446327040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4832675940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.224446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8953901000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    340860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    917467000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           860297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               860297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864611                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864611                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15002                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    325799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    326373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21731.523479                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21731.523479                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21755.299293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21755.299293                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6784                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    295817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    296371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19731.656884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19731.656884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19755.432609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19755.432609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14745                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          548521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              548521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    228449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18451.579032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18451.579032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16451.579032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16451.579032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         311776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             311776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97350000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     97350000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.008305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37284.565301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37284.565301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92130000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35285.331291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35285.331291                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        57400                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        55400                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.587517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  345047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14745                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.400949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.587517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894614                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894614                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            1955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179198000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    423741000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179198000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    423741000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          26681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.688955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25148.395722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20697.389697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23051.952997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25148.395722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20697.389697                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23051.952997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4239                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    386979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    386979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23148.395722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18697.620698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21052.061800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23148.395722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18697.620698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21052.061800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21930                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           1955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    179198000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    423741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          26681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.688955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25148.395722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20697.389697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23051.952997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    225095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161884000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.832606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23148.395722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18697.620698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21052.061800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6784                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.854350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  32683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.490333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.524283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   444.763310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    36.566757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.051805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.868678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.071419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55907                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                26681                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               26680                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6784                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   60145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1394240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       747456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2141696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            75005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10212228000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13326144000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34272164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   231792                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              444820259                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6944139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13326144000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711442                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6944139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739034                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401393                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5156357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13326133                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13326133                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001081                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934132                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630200                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25505                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6902709                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6902709                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13096679                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5869353                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      738920                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140229                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401309                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29537      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5692697     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74922      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   737965     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395791      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6944152                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9120                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9468                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18588                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3440                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        22028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        22028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58177.935943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59267.617450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58555.523256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58177.935943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59267.617450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58555.523256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56177.935943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57267.617450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56555.523256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56177.935943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57267.617450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56555.523256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        22028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58177.935943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59267.617450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58555.523256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56177.935943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57267.617450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56555.523256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5289                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2862.789350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1771.460784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1091.328566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.016652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.043683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          637                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.052490                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            30757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           30757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5142864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5142864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5142864                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5142864                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13493                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    374322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    374322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5156357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5156357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27741.940265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27741.940265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27741.940265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27741.940265                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25741.940265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25741.940265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25741.940265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25741.940265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13237                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5142864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5142864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    374322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5156357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5156357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27741.940265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27741.940265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    347336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25741.940265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25741.940265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.352633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4755734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                359.275818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.352633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5169850                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5169850                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18250250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          143872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       143872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         143872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10796221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            5724687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               16520908                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10796221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10796221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10796221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           5724687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              16520908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2248.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10302                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3440                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22360750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 86860750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6500.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25250.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2732                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.960452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    192.289592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.311605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           223     31.50%     31.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          193     27.26%     58.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79     11.16%     69.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      6.64%     76.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      5.65%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      4.24%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      2.26%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.55%     90.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      9.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         16.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      16.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11055489000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3213804.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       143872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10796221.322537112981                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 5724686.751096190885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2248                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55922750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30938000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24876.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25954.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2020620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1073985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1051649040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         436451850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4749701280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6253084755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         469.234368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12343882750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    444860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    537401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3034500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1612875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12373620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1051649040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         630946680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4585916160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6285532875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.669290                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11915925750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    444860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    965358250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18720                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18720                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    391085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    391773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1133885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1133885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20909.163815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20909.163815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20928.044872                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20928.044872                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8455                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8455                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18909.270744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18909.270744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18928.151709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18928.151709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18463                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          716920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              716920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    284250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18238.691049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18238.691049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    253082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16238.819378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16238.819378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         398261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             398261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106835000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    106835000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401380                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34252.965694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34252.965694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    100597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007771                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32252.965694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32252.965694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.151241                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  616522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.392298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.151241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159133                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    480915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    480915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24109.078114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19401.838477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21830.995506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24109.078114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19401.838477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21830.995506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5289                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    436859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    436859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22109.078114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17402.026076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19831.086295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22109.078114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17402.026076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19831.086295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     26595                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    206843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    480915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24109.078114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19401.838477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21830.995506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    251336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    185523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.842511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22109.078114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17402.026076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19831.086295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8455                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.823063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                26595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.463471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    25.330889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.917945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    29.574228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.886558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.057762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                67775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               67775                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32213                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32212                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8455                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        45894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   72880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1739136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       863552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2602688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            67465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             74488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            93595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13326144000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16575124000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136155                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34272164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236114                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              451138060                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000307                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016575                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16575124000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888764                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000307                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916601                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502121                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446496                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16575113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16575113                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247916                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4923101                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30360                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624967                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624967                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16367342                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7334414                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916487                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418524                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502037                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36016      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117906     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95775      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915532     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496519      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674988                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12129                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22914                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        26358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        26358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59267.617450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58560.104530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59267.617450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58560.104530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57267.617450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56560.104530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57267.617450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56560.104530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        26358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59267.617450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58560.104530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.172739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.089483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57267.617450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56560.104530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2976.475129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1865.413409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1111.061720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.028464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.016953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.045417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          533                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.052551                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6431033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6431033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6431033                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6431033                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15463                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    410793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    410793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26566.190261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26566.190261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26566.190261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26566.190261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    379867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24566.190261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24566.190261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24566.190261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24566.190261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15207                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6431033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6431033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    410793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26566.190261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26566.190261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24566.190261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24566.190261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.675542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6064444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                398.792924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.675542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6461959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6461959                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8695440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            4602560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               13298000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8695440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8695440                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8695440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           4602560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              13298000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11144                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22402000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 86977000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6504.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25254.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2733                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.008439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.585765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    312.000713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           225     31.65%     31.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          194     27.29%     58.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79     11.11%     70.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      6.61%     76.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      5.63%     82.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      4.22%     86.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      2.25%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.55%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      9.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           711                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         13.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      13.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14713891000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     4272326.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8695440.227174168453                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 4602559.836053111590                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1192                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56039000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     30938000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24884.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25954.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2020620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1073985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1307953920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         483276780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5957878080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7764391365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         468.436397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15484442750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    553280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    537401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3055920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1624260                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12402180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1307953920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         680378220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5791897920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7797312420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         470.422569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15050725750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    553280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    971118250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1395084                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1395084                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23625                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    475320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    476008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20133.000127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20133.000127                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20148.486772                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20148.486772                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10582                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428104000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18133.084841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18133.084841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18148.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18148.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23368                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          889009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              889009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18066.837272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18066.837272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16066.937629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16066.937629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3680                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115266000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    115266000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502108                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31322.282609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31322.282609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007329                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29322.282609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29322.282609                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       688000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       656000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.513627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  707999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.297800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.513627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442333                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               12729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              12729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26359                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296011000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    537447000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296011000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    537447000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.674350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22705.453709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18123.104639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20389.506430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22705.453709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18123.104639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20389.506430                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    484731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    484731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20705.453709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16123.254767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18389.582306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20705.453709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16123.254767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18389.582306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     32142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              12729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    296011000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    537447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.674350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22705.453709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18123.104639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20389.506430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.563894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.674350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20705.453709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16123.254767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18389.582306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10582                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.445792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  48255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                32142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.501307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.883879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   461.878073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.683839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.044695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.902106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82324                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39088                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39087                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10582                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   88757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2189184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       989632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3178816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            77315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             91998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16575124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19869696000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 137699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34272164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   237757                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              454438566                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6020657                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10395566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019870                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19869696000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055905                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6020657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10395566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1102246                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      586189                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7766692                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19869685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19869685                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7506143                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5993617                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       938806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       34214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10334100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10334100                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19573806                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8811632                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1102104                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1688203                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     586099                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 46086      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8539624     82.15%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   114899      1.11%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.01%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1101149     10.59%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  580581      5.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10395579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27742                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59255.016722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58556.554524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59255.016722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58556.554524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57255.016722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56556.554524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57255.016722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56556.554524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59255.016722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58556.554524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.143879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.076973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57255.016722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56556.554524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7426                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3054.201971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1929.512898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1124.689073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.029442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.017161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.046603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.052612                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            42064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           42064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7748320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7748320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7748320                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7748320                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18372                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    464886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    464886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7766692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7766692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25304.049641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25304.049641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25304.049641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25304.049641                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    428144000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    428144000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23304.158502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23304.158502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23304.158502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23304.158502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18115                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7748320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7748320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    464886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7766692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7766692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25304.049641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25304.049641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428144000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    428144000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23304.158502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23304.158502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.895149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7525667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                415.438421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.895149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7785063                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7785063                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18293250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7253659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3852298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               11105958                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7253659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7253659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7253659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3852298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              11105958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11998                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22415750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 87065750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6501.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25251.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2736                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     309.932584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.663772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    311.787796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           225     31.60%     31.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          194     27.25%     58.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           80     11.24%     70.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      6.60%     76.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      5.62%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      4.21%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      2.25%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.54%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      9.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         11.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      11.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18841263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5464403.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7253659.039373325184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3852298.495155638084                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56039000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31026750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24884.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25942.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2020620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1073985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1567946640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         530775450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7182994560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9296999235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.898413                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18669034750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    663260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    537401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3063060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1628055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1567946640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         728724480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7016300640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9330093615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         469.563984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18233445000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    663260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    972991000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1650029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1650029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1660910                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1660910                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             27512                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    542325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    543436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1677514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1677514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1688422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1688422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19731.671821                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19731.671821                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19752.689735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19752.689735                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488412000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17731.671821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17731.671821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17752.689735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17752.689735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27256                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1067991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1067991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             23347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    419917000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17985.908254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17985.908254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    373223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15985.908254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15985.908254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         582038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             582038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    122408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    122408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       586176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         586176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.007059                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29581.440309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29581.440309                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114132000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114132000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27581.440309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27581.440309                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.760080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  956952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.109774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.760080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1715934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1715934                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         15653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270471000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    600477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270471000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    600477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.679779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21082.603974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17407.066547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19251.611042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21082.603974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17407.066547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19251.611042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7426                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298702000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239395000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    538097000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298702000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239395000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    538097000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19082.731745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15407.066547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17251.675163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19082.731745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15407.066547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17251.675163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     37885                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270471000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    600477000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.679779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21082.603974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17407.066547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19251.611042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    298702000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239395000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538097000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.852003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19082.731745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15407.066547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17251.675163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.869302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                37885                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.518701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.237471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   465.980488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    21.651343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.910118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.042288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45884                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  104048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2546752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1175744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3722496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            91855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            107289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           137560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19869696000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23110660000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 142278                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34272164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   246013                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              469731987                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12103767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23110660000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1234926                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12103767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1268733                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            21                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      699419                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9037344                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23110660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23110660                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8715815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             6872163                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1094083                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11990                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11990                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15122                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40476                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12034537                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12034537                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22871162                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10244356                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1268591                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1967920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     699329                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 52096      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9937560     82.10%     82.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   139437      1.15%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       18      0.00%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      534      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2181      0.02%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267636     10.47%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  693811      5.73%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 955      0.01%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12103780                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    70                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33263                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    201903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70869000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    201903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59255.016722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58556.554524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59255.016722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58556.554524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57255.016722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56556.554524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57255.016722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56556.554524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    131034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70869000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    201903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58185.612789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59255.016722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58556.554524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    126530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.127318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56185.612789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57255.016722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56556.554524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8962                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3109.426929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.246230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1974.737443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1134.689486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.030132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.017314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3448                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.052612                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            49121                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           49121                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9016721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9016721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9016721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9016721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    506814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    506814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9037344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9037344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24575.183048                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24575.183048                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24575.183048                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24575.183048                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    465568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    465568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22575.183048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22575.183048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22575.183048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22575.183048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20367                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9016721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9016721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    506814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9037344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9037344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24575.183048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24575.183048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    465568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22575.183048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22575.183048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.050090                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9037344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                438.216748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.050090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9057967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9057967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3448                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  220672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3448000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           18293250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          144128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              220672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         144128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6236429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            3312065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total                9548494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6236429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6236429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6236429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           3312065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total               9548494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000576000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12832                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3448                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      22415750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    17240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 87065750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6501.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25251.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2736                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3448                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     309.932584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    191.663772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    311.787796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           225     31.60%     31.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          194     27.25%     58.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           80     11.24%     70.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      6.60%     76.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      5.62%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      4.21%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      2.25%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.54%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      9.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  220672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   220672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                          9.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                       9.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18841263000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     5464403.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       144128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        76544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6236429.422612767667                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 3312064.648954205215                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1196                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     56039000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     31026750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24884.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25942.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2020620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1073985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             12187980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         577600380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8388093120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10805227605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         467.543013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21801578750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    537401250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3063060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1628055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             12430740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1824251520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         775549410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8221399200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10838321985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         468.975009                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21365989000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    771680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    972991000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1923392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1923392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1934273                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1934273                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    651606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    652717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1957231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1957231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1968139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1968139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19256.065487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19256.065487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19273.519164                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19273.519164                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    583928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17256.065487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17256.065487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17273.519164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17273.519164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1228829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1228829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    518611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1257825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1257825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17885.604911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17885.604911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15885.604911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15885.604911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         694563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             694563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4843                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132995000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132995000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       699406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         699406                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.006924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27461.284328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27461.284328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123309000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123309000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25461.284328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25461.284328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total             10881                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      1111000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         10908                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1057000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002475                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.933963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1968139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 58.115485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.933963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2002005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2002005                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         19023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    672250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    672250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           54489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          54489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20153.437359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16599.695106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18311.950097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20153.437359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16599.695106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18311.950097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8962                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    598828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18153.437359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14599.695106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.950097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18153.437359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14599.695106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.950097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     44939                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    672250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          54489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20153.437359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16599.695106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18311.950097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321098000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    598828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.857683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.561714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18153.437359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14599.695106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.950097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.168104                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  69508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45451                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.529295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.886995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   468.794170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    19.486939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.042748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.915614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.038060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               114959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              114959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               54489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3128640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1319872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           103115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            129584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           169330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23110660000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
