
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3965832000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34274464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   215740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              415149434                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003966                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3965832000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000201                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201651                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139464                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319845                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3965821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3965821                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493498                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81407                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81407                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136568                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69051                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990455                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340746                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139373                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14342      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643775     79.76%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20512      1.00%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      454      0.02%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14402      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24566      1.19%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190021      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137380      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11352      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10591                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1749                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12340                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1876                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2231                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4107                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    252697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    252697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        16447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        16447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.249711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.249711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60731.343284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62198.565666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61528.366204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60731.343284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62198.565666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61528.366204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               65                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244483000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58731.343284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60198.565666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59528.366204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58731.343284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60198.565666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59528.366204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   334                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    113932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    252697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        16447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.249711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60731.343284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62198.565666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61528.366204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    110180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58731.343284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60198.565666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59528.366204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2948                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2899.029075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.682635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    13.743142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1386.847137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1498.438797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.084646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.091457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.176943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.232605                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1303766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1303766                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16079                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    401584000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    401584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24975.682567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24975.682567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24975.682567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24975.682567                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22975.806953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22975.806953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22975.806953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22975.806953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15822                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1303766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    401584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    401584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24975.682567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24975.682567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22975.806953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22975.806953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.439882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1117186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 70.609657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.439882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1335923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1335923                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           65                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       267008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       267008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  267008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21941250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          120064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          142784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              262848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       120064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         120064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            65                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  65                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30274606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           36003542                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               66278148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30274606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30274606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1048960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1048960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1048960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30274606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          36003542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              67327108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        65.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1876.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2231.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004297870500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9295                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  32                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4107                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          65                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4107                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        65                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       13.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      38753500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                115759750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9435.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28185.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2705                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       28                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 43.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4107                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    65                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.227273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.672085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.325498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           504     35.80%     35.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          551     39.13%     74.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          188     13.35%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           74      5.26%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      1.99%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      1.42%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.99%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.64%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     473.213482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2552.655480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean             17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  262848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     2176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   262848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      66.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3962372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      949753.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       120064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       142784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         2176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30274605.681733366102                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36003542.257967561483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 548686.883357640938                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1876                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2231                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           65                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51385750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     64374000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  20123169500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27391.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28854.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 309587223.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5440680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2891790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14686980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              156600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      312851760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1140025650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         562858080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2038911540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.119494                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1452798000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2380694000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4612440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2451570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14637000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               20880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      312851760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         680567460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         949770240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1964911350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.460057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2462638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1370854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               333963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              333963                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7127                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    257185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    257185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36086.010944                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36086.010944                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36086.010944                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36086.010944                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3963                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    242931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    242931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34086.010944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34086.010944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34086.010944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34086.010944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23869.445084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23869.445084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94979000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21869.445084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21869.445084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136655                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2784                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153520000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    153520000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55143.678161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55143.678161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019966                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53143.678161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53143.678161                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.624592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  291894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.482026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.624592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.979002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348217                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348217                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6758                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             16448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            16448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    458294000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    458294000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.708782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21835.980109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46744.472362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27863.205253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21835.980109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46744.472362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27863.205253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2948                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    425400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    425400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19836.140520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44744.472362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25863.326848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19836.140520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44744.472362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25863.326848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18586                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            16448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    458294000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.708782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21835.980109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46744.472362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27863.205253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.775421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19836.140520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44744.472362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25863.326848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3963                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.689916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362154                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.583265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   190.853633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.253017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.219889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.372761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                46267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               46267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23206                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        32157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       709760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1028992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            80390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43021000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3965832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7751252000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109928                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226599                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              426005976                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000131                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007751                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7751252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489718                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394326                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            96                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631699                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7751241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7751241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011621                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279102                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359547                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163836                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163836                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88243                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981139                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981139                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662100                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220116                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649083                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27732      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319894     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42408      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29136      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49083      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   369987      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253431      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23672      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19644                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3395                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23039                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2570                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7430                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    453554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    453554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        30469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        30469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61441.245136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61043.606999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61441.245136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61043.606999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          115                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              115                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    438694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    438694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59441.245136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59043.606999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59441.245136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59043.606999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1170                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157904000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    453554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        30469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61441.245136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61043.606999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.115693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59441.245136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59043.606999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5560                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3646.032953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.029060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.269666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1487.323017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2144.440270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.090779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.130886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.222536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.385559                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            43516                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           43516                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2602584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2602584                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29115                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    679075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    679075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    679075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    679075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23323.888030                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23323.888030                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23323.888030                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23323.888030                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    620845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    620845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    620845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    620845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21323.888030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21323.888030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21323.888030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21323.888030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28859                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2602584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    679075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    679075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23323.888030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23323.888030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    620845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    620845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21323.888030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21323.888030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.666872                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2321747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.451402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.666872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2660814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2660814                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       482880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       482880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  482880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           39634250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          164480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          311040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              475520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       164480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         164480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21219798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40127711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61347509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21219798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21219798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          949524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                949524                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          949524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21219798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40127711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              62297033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       115.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2570.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4857.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008706344500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16956                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  83                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7430                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         115                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       115                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      66653500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                205909750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8974.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27724.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5100                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       73                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7430                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   115                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.286630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    145.064267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    210.587892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           820     35.03%     35.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          898     38.36%     73.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          314     13.41%     86.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          106      4.53%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           38      1.62%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.71%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      2.05%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      1.03%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           53      2.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     543.566198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1501.004497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.593128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.547723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  475328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   475520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7750494000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1027235.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       164480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       310848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21219797.782345354557                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 40102940.789436340332                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 726592.297605599742                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2570                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4860                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          115                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72200000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    133709750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115280066000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28093.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27512.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1002435356.52                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7161420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3802590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20863080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      611566800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1587468810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1639665120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3870877560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.387397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4247854250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    258700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3244697750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9560460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5081505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32165700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              109620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      611566800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1744629210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1507319520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3910432815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.490477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3901474750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    258700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3591077250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635260                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14631                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    538498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    538498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           649891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          649891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36805.276468                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.276468                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36805.276468                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36805.276468                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7475                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    509238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    509238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34805.413164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34805.413164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34805.413164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34805.413164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14374                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29315.591671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29315.591671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27315.794820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27315.794820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249886000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249886000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52211.867948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52211.867948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4786                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240314000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    240314000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50211.867948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50211.867948                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.249739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  646584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 44.982886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.249739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664521                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             30470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            30470                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    834791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    834791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           43746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          43746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.696521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19876.924462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47631.419574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27397.144733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19876.924462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47631.419574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27397.144733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5560                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    773853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    773853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17876.924462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45631.661822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25397.210371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17876.924462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45631.661822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25397.210371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     34255                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            30470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    441546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    834791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          43746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.696521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19876.924462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47631.419574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27397.144733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    773853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.762974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.564281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17876.924462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45631.661822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25397.210371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7475                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.701698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                34255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   103.451715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   161.955902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   240.294081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.202054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.316320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.469324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                85988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               85988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                43746                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               43745                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7475                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        36736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   94966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1863360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3278080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            73150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7751252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11237329000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127797                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   259784                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              478683489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000067                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011237                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11237329000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556572                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11237318                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11237318                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349543                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937570                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279380                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555525                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30673      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050674     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.89%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528913      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5783                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25458                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2583                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10730                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13313                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    797468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    797468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        38771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        38771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.343375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.343375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61409.988386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59538.303821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59901.449711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61409.988386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59538.303821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59901.449711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              118                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    617386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    770842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    617386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    770842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59409.988386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57538.303821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57901.449711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59409.988386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57538.303821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57901.449711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2439                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    158622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    797468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        38771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.343375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61409.988386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59538.303821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59901.449711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    617386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    770842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.649791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59409.988386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57538.303821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57901.449711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5309.975403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.849118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    18.218908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1437.792997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3853.963498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.087756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.235227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.324095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        10931                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1627                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.667175                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            58271                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           58271                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3879749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3879749                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29161                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    680633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    680633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23340.523302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23340.523302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23340.523302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23340.523302                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21340.523302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21340.523302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21340.523302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21340.523302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28905                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3879749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    680633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    680633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23340.523302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23340.523302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21340.523302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21340.523302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.390662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.482442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.390662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3938071                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3938071                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       859584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       859584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  859584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13903000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           70646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          686720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              852032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 118                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14710969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61110607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75821576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14710969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14710969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          672046                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                672046                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          672046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14710969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61110607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76493622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       118.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2583.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10727.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008706344500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29621                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  83                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13313                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         118                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13313                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       118                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     104525500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    66550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                354088000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7853.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26603.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10370                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       73                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13313                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   118                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     290.253216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    185.124574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    299.137821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           855     28.94%     28.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          971     32.87%     61.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          444     15.03%     76.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          125      4.23%     81.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      2.06%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      2.20%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          122      4.13%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      3.59%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      6.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     543.566198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1501.004497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.593128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.547723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  851840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   852032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         75.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11236676000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      836622.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       686528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14710969.127984059975                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61093521.423106856644                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 501186.714387377957                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2583                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10730                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          118                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72485000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    281603000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115280066000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28062.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26244.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 976949711.86                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9631860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5115660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             42440160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      886925520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2530986390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2183777760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5659227090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.609629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5654116750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    375180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5208032250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11466840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6094770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52593240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              109620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      886925520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2383746270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2307769440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5648705700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.673340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5976428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    375180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4885721000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               850858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              850858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23608                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1037641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1037641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43952.939681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43952.939681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43952.939681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43952.939681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8294                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    990427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    990427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    990427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    990427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41953.024399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41953.024399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41953.024399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41953.024399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23351                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    751312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    751312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41339.936173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41339.936173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    714966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39340.046220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39340.046220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312460                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5434                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286329000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286329000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52692.123666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52692.123666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275461000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    275461000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50692.123666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50692.123666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.102933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  870581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.282386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.102933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                898073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               898073                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             38772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            38772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    832055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1274865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    832055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1274865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.734750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19894.419984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50384.824997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32881.073971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19894.419984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50384.824997                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32881.073971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799029000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799029000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17894.419984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48384.946106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30881.125555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17894.419984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48384.946106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30881.125555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42979                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            38772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    442810000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    832055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1274865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.734750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19894.419984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50384.824997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32881.073971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.699509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17894.419984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48384.946106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30881.125555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.655576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  60472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.407013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.173720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.028064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   320.453791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.625886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               104554                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              104554                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52769                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52768                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        55509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  113831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2041664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3907968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             94239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11237329000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14508993000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 134080                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   267865                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              486291367                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000376                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014509                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14508993000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1034976                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000376                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7992012                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736330                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           366                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5167019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14508982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14508982                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5519727                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508072                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727795                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204686                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7831049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7831049                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14932898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6370000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735283                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144005                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408722                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6673434     83.50%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708671      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406729      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7992079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           32013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12338                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          32013                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11897                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14487                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    706407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    865435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    706407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    865435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        46500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        46500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.311548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.311548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59376.901740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59738.731276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59376.901740                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59738.731276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    836461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682613000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    836461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57376.901740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57738.731276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57376.901740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57738.731276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2571                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          32013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    706407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    865435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        46500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.311548                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59376.901740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59738.731276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    682613000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    836461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57376.901740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57738.731276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7653                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6724.121279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.245430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    20.208582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1312.482668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5391.430028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.080108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.329067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.410408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.731262                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            68705                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           68705                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137851                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5167019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5167019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.753555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.753555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5196187                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5196187                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       935232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       935232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  935232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15117000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          761408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              927168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11424638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52478349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63902988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11424638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11424638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          555793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                555793                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          555793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11424638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52478349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64458781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11894.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008706344500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32817                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  83                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111354000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    72420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                382929000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7688.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26438.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11177                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       73                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     280.736905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    185.289299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    284.387454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           896     26.97%     26.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1072     32.27%     59.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          669     20.14%     79.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          126      3.79%     83.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      1.84%     85.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      1.96%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          122      3.67%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      3.19%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      6.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     543.566198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1501.004497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.593128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.547723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  926976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   927168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         63.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14503380000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      992498.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       761216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11424638.498343750834                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52465115.945675902069                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 388173.045503571513                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11897                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          126                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72657500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    310271500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115280066000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28053.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26079.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 914921158.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10488660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5574855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45795960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1145074320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2937284100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3097951200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7242518835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.174466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8027280500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    484380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5997332500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13230420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7032135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             57619800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              109620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1145074320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3087134820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2971761120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7281962235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.893015                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7696385250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    484380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6328227750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1112529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1112529                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32639                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1269222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1269222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1269222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38886.669322                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38886.669322                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38886.669322                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38886.669322                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10167                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1203946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1203946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36886.730598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36886.730598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36886.730598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36886.730598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      32382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              710643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    891182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34693.891852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34693.891852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    839810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32693.969712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32693.969712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401886                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6952                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378040000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    378040000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408838                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54378.596087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54378.596087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364136000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52378.596087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52378.596087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.530707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1133369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 32382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 34.999969                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.530707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177806                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15306                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             46501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            46501                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    997668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1440961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    997668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1440961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.752358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41164.713649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30987.742199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41164.713649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30987.742199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7653                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    949198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    949198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39164.796171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28987.785209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39164.796171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28987.785209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     51612                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            46501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    997668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1440961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.752358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41164.713649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30987.742199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    949198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1347961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.752358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39164.796171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28987.785209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10167                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.635209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  71342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                51612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.382275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.051490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.788842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.794877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.685146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124098                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61807                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61806                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  133780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2739520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4606272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            112642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           163190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14508993000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17753964000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136177                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   269660                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              483525587                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000083                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017754                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17753964000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268510                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901284                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920708                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           417                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511340                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441252                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17753953                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17753953                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6523537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081676                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854806                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270240                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740329                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943311                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511157                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8295901     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893049      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509164      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901359                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16265                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35940                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14999                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    898211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    898211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.294450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.294450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59568.297204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59884.725648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59568.297204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59884.725648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    868213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    868213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57568.297204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57884.725648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57568.297204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57884.725648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2738                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    739183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    898211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.294450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59568.297204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59884.725648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    868213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.432761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57568.297204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57884.725648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7715.477723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2738                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.329438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    21.449880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1213.471466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6480.556378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.074064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.395542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.470915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.752319                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            74462                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           74462                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6412084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6412084                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6412084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.981373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.981373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6470420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6470420                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14999                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       968000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       968000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  968000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15629000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           79657000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          794176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              959936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9336506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           44732320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               54068827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9336506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9336506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          454208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                454208                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          454208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9336506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          44732320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              54523035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12406.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008706344500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34675                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  83                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14999                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14999                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     117437000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                398612000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7831.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26581.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11402                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       73                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14999                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     267.547672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    177.286911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    276.817126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           996     27.61%     27.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1258     34.87%     62.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          669     18.54%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          126      3.49%     84.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      1.69%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      1.80%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          122      3.38%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      2.94%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      5.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     543.566198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1501.004497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.593128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.547723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  959744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   959936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      54.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17753444000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1173781.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       793984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9336506.483847776428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44721505.574755020440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 317224.930725329847                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12409                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          126                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72657500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    325954500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115280066000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28053.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26267.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 914921158.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11095560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5893635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             47002620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1401379200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3206016870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4117718880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8789456505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.070087                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10675997500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    592800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6485166500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14672700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7798725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             60068820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              109620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1401379200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3595517250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3789718560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8869264875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.565329                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9817886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    592800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7343278000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1393689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1393689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1403407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1403407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1431973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1431973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36657.794379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36657.794379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36657.794379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36657.794379                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1326841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1326841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1326841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1326841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34657.846620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34657.846620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34657.846620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34657.846620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      38027                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    979503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    979503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32085.397013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32085.397013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    918449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    918449000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30085.462526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30085.462526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7756                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423904000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    423904000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511265                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54654.976792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54654.976792                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7756                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    408392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015170                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52654.976792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52654.976792                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.799256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1415754                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.230231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.799256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470256                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1530420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1530420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           67452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          67452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.755204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37912.013949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30043.580683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37912.013949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30043.580683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1029779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1029779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35912.083697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28043.619945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35912.083697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28043.619945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     56511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1530420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          67452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.755204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37912.013949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30043.580683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1029779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.749007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35912.083697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28043.619945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.250207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                56511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.381607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    65.970100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    70.926059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.354048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.128848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.138527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               135742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              135742                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                67452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               67451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  146170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5037952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123787000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           191415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17753964000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21012523000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136716                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   269127                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              478774679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000184                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021013                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21012523000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502225                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000184                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11811449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105147                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           473                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613838                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7716057                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21012512                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21012512                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527682                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655534                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981880                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335800                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11650502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11650502                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22563386                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9517272                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717755                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613654                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30674      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9919137     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077489      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611661      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.23%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20248                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39923                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12964                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15554                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    934020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    934020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.390341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.280368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.390341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.280368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59780.314718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60050.147872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59780.314718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60050.147872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    902912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    902912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.390341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.390341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57780.314718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58050.147872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57780.314718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58050.147872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2808                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    934020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.390341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.280368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.772201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59780.314718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60050.147872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    902912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.390341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.772201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57780.314718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58050.147872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9317                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         8469.169112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.305199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.310576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1130.953057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7315.905479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.446527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.516917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        10501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781921                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            80413                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           80413                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7686889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7686889                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29168                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7716057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7686889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    681158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7716057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23352.921009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23352.921009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    622822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21352.921009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21352.921009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.139339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2326476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.467488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.139339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7745225                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7745225                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15554                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        31234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1003520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1003520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1003520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82621500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          829696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              995456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7888629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39485787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               47374416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7888629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7888629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          383771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                383771                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          383771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7888629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39485787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47758187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12944.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008706344500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                36587                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  83                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15554                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15554                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     124824000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    77670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                416086500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8035.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26785.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11703                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       73                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15554                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     260.011443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    174.622064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.053180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1012     26.32%     26.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1477     38.41%     64.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          669     17.40%     82.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          126      3.28%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           63      1.64%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      1.69%     88.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          122      3.17%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      2.76%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      5.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     543.566198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1501.004497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.593128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.547723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  994176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   995456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         47.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      47.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21009227000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1339874.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       828416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7888629.080858114175                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39424870.587887041271                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 268030.640585140558                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12964                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          126                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72657500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    343429000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115280066000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28053.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26490.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 914921158.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12759180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6777870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50701140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1658298720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3891743970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4791551040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10412181660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.522678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12421752500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    701480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7889290500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14701260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7813905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             60211620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              109620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1658298720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3652898580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4992684000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10386717705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.310831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12944804750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    701480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7366238250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1674292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1674292                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44610                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1551150000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1551150000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34771.351715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34771.351715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34771.351715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34771.351715                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12510                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1461932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1461932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32771.396548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32771.396548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32771.396548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32771.396548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      44353                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1069070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1080273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1080273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29943.537434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29943.537434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1008119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27943.537434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27943.537434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605222                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470877000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    470877000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013903                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55183.054026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55183.054026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453813000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453813000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013903                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53183.288410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53183.288410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.985464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1710684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 44353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.569747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.985464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1763511                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1763511                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55478                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1180820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1624113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1180820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1624113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           73778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          73778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.751959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35552.946136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29274.901763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35552.946136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29274.901763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9317                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1114396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1513159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1114396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1513159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33553.006353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27274.937813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33553.006353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27274.937813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61635                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          11397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1180820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1624113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          73778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.751959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19909.858522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35552.946136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29274.901763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    398763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1114396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1513159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.744519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.751959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17909.858522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33553.006353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27274.937813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12510                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.676637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  85664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.389860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.065324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    59.927059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.684254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.129034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.117045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                73778                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               73777                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12510                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  160065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1866752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5522368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            136328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           223045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21012523000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24326761000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 137119                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34290204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   268749                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476519926                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024327                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24326761000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730692                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303127                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           604                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      732012                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964792                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24326761                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24326761                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458427                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184416                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184416                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394303                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558926                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354402                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079054                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731829                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30675      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511406     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3984      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54168      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1606      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32076      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52023      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275469      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729836      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26612      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719957                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           49735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30060                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          49735                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13024                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15621                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    938220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    938220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        65356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.239014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.239014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61391.605699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59796.222359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60061.455733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61391.605699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59796.222359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60061.455733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              126                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    906978000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    906978000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59391.605699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57796.222359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58061.455733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59391.605699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57796.222359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58061.455733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2822                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          49735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    778786000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    938220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.239014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61391.605699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59796.222359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60061.455733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    154240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    906978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59391.605699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57796.222359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58061.455733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11938                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9067.476081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              77294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            15686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.927579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    22.949455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1068.461742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7976.064884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.065214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.486820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.553435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        12864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11742                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            92980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           92980                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8935617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8935617                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29175                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    681686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    681686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23365.415596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23365.415596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23365.415596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23365.415596                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    623336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    623336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    623336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    623336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21365.415596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21365.415596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21365.415596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21365.415596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28919                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8935617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    681686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    681686000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23365.415596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23365.415596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    623336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    623336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21365.415596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21365.415596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                307.276504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8993967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8993967                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        31368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31368                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1007808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1007808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1007808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16251000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82980500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          166208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          833536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              999744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       166208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         166208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6832311                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34264159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41096470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6832311                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6832311                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          331487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                331487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          331487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6832311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34264159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              41427957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13003.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008706344500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             5                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37571                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  83                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15621                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         126                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       126                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     125561500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    78000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                418061500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8048.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26798.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11736                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       73                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15621                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   126                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     258.837845                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    173.981280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    269.209233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1022     26.35%     26.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1499     38.64%     64.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          671     17.30%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          126      3.25%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           63      1.62%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      1.68%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          122      3.15%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          106      2.73%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          205      5.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1219                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     543.566198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1501.004497                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     40.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.600000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.593128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.547723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     40.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  998400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     5632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   999744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23293593000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1479240.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       166208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       832192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         5632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6832311.132583578117                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34208910.919131405652                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 231514.585932751186                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2597                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13024                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          126                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     72830000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    345231500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115280066000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28043.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26507.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 914921158.73                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12951960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6884130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51079560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              349740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1920135360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4008849330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5965603200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11965853280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.880250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15472926250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    812240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8041594750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14744100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7836675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             60304440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              109620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1920135360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3709693380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6217524000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11930347575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.420717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16128578500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    812240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7385942500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1979620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1979620                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55436                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1756749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1756749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1756749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1756749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31689.678187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31689.678187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31689.678187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31689.678187                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15469                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1645877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1645877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1645877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29689.678187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29689.678187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29689.678187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29689.678187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55180                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1256513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1277859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1277859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27413.631098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27413.631098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1184631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1184631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25413.631098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25413.631098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723107                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8822                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478890000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    478890000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54283.609159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54283.609159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8822                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012053                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52283.609159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52283.609159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.123683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.710008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.123683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2090492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2090492                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             65356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            65356                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1312830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1756606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1312830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1756606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           84611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          84611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.772429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19925.287356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30471.404698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26877.501683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19925.287356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30471.404698                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26877.501683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1226662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1625894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1226662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1625894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17925.287356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28471.404698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24877.501683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17925.287356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28471.404698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24877.501683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     73543                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12352                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            65356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1312830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1756606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          84611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.772429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19925.287356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30471.404698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26877.501683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        65356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1226662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1625894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.763393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.777185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17925.287356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28471.404698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24877.501683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.993168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.351428                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.762848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    51.793961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   390.436358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.132349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.762571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               174135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              174135                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               84611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15469                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       126341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  184691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4537920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1867200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6405120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           145875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            161956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           277180000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24326761000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
