
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4159877000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101025                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197718                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              420240537                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1957157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4159877000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1957157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183755                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1330404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4159866                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4159866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243314                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              640821                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84075                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84075                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               125488                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65671                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1896342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1896342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3666946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1559945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182942                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313440                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15396      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1556163     79.51%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1609      0.08%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12886      0.66%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1125      0.06%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      506      0.03%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16697      0.85%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13394      0.68%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15714      0.80%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    827      0.04%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4280      0.22%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1712      0.09%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2568      0.13%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                856      0.04%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160903      8.22%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126794      6.48%     98.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22039      1.13%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3704      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1957173                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11521                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12326                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          982                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3775                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4757                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    278415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    278415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60012.219959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58141.192053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58527.433256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60012.219959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58141.192053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58527.433256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211933000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    268901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211933000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    268901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58012.219959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56141.192053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56527.433256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58012.219959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56141.192053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56527.433256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    71                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60012.219959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58141.192053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58527.433256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211933000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58012.219959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56141.192053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56527.433256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3756.295166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               71                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.422535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.361014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   842.740607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2913.193545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.025718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.088904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.114633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.143036                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1302046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1302046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1302046                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1302046                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28358                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28358                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    532559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    532559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1330404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1330404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18779.850483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18779.850483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18779.850483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18779.850483                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    475843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    475843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    475843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    475843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16779.850483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16779.850483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16779.850483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16779.850483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28102                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1302046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1302046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    532559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1330404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18779.850483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18779.850483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    475843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16779.850483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16779.850483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.966411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1126697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.093125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.966411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1358762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1358762                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9517                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       304640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       304640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  304640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25247250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           62848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          241600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              304448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        62848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          62848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   3                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15108139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58078640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73186779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15108139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15108139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           46155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 46155                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           46155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15108139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58078640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73232935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         3.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       982.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3775.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10585                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4757                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           3                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4757                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        1.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      30778000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                119971750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6470.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25220.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3784                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4757                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     3                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     313.086420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    195.871095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    318.259538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           315     32.41%     32.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          193     19.86%     52.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          247     25.41%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           30      3.09%     80.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      2.16%     82.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      1.44%     84.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      1.75%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      1.44%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          121     12.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  304448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   304448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4159382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      873819.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        62848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       241600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15108139.014687212184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58078640.305951349437                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          982                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3775                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            3                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     26202750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     93769000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26683.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24839.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4091220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2174535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16707600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         771793110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         947461920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2070446145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.718116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2455268250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1565768750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2856000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1514205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17257380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         490978050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1183937760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2024761155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.735823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3072692500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    948344500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307397                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307397                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6949                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6949                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    329139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    334883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47895.663562                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47895.663562                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48191.538351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48191.538351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    320987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45895.954598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45895.954598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46191.826162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46191.826162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6692                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     54060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26280.991736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26280.991736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     49948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24281.964025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24281.964025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    275079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57129.595016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57129.595016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265449000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265449000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55129.595016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55129.595016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.536642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  293179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.810371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.536642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321294                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    490980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    490980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17556.346477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59260.641781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28739.171154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17556.346477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59260.641781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28739.171154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194501000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194501000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15556.346477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57261.078367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26739.288223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15556.346477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57261.078367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26739.288223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18735                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    219507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    490980000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17556.346477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59260.641781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28739.171154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15556.346477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57261.078367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26739.288223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.796134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.937070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.482462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   179.511033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.802639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.350607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.482036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35307                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35306                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       765824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2580736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           141790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4159877000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8157087000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100915                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199993                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              411561799                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000099                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3963821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8157087000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443647                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3963821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376569                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      250244                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2652760                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8157076                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8157076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2534570                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1280285                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       336773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 192855                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        192855                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               287521                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              150668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58852                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3825289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3825289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7400506                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374746                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624736                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249990                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34827      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139811     79.21%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2702      0.07%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29770      0.75%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2594      0.07%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1254      0.03%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37543      0.95%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30806      0.78%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36009      0.91%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1930      0.05%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                9940      0.25%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3976      0.10%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               5964      0.15%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1988      0.05%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323814      8.17%     92.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  241562      6.09%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               50932      1.28%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8428      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3963850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        26741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        26741                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1808                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28549                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1003                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5397                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    315373000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    315373000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        33946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        33946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60225.324028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58026.172053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58434.871225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60225.324028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58026.172053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58434.871225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    304579000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    304579000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58225.324028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56026.172053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56434.871225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58225.324028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56026.172053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56434.871225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                    77                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        26741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        33946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60225.324028                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58026.172053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58434.871225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304579000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.036152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58225.324028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56026.172053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56434.871225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4351.385299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs               77                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.363636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.184839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   885.841934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3465.358525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.105754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.132794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5322                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.162415                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2588029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2588029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2588029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2588029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          64731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              64731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         64731                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             64731                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1140783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1140783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1140783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1140783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2652760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2652760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17623.441628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17623.441628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17623.441628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17623.441628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15623.441628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15623.441628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15623.441628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15623.441628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      64475                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2588029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2588029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         64731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             64731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1140783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1140783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2652760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17623.441628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17623.441628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1011321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15623.441628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15623.441628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.433016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2279091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 64475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.348445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.433016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2717491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2717491                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       345664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       345664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  345664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5417000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28629750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           64192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          281216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              345408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        64192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          64192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5397                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   4                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7869476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34475052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               42344528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7869476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7869476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           31384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 31384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           31384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7869476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34475052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42375912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         4.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1003.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12892                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5397                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           4                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5397                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        2.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      34433500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                135627250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6380.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25130.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5397                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     4                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     322.509804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    201.660742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    323.428973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           336     31.37%     31.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          215     20.07%     51.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          266     24.84%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           35      3.27%     79.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           26      2.43%     81.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      1.59%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      1.77%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      1.68%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          139     12.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1071                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  345408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   345408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         42.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      42.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8146499000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1508331.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        64192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       281216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7869475.953854604624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34475052.184683084488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1003                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4394                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            4                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     26975750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    108651500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26895.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24727.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4262580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2265615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17685780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      643528080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         873332910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2396883360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3937958325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.765272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6222482750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    272220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1662384250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3384360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1798830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20848800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      643528080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         676784370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2562397920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3908742360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         479.183606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6654549750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    272220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1230317250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615491                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615491                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11293                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11293                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    435578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    441322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       626697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           626697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       626784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          626784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38835.413695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38835.413695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39079.252634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39079.252634                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36835.592011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36835.592011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37079.429735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37079.429735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11036                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89438000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21566.915843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21566.915843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19567.398119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19567.398119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         243146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             243146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346140000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346140000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       250215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         250215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48965.907483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48965.907483                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    332002000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332002000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46965.907483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46965.907483                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.703875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  601033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 54.461127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.703875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                638076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               638076                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         27744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             33947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            33947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    419072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    745877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    419072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    745877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.446530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.446530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15104.959631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52684.991133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21971.808996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15104.959631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52684.991133                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21971.808996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    677985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    677985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13104.959631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50685.313558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19971.867912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13104.959631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50685.313558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19971.867912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     36539                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            33947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    419072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    745877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.446530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15104.959631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52684.991133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21971.808996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    314401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    677985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13104.959631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50685.313558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19971.867912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.796325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                36539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.108761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.503302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.507983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.785041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.157233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.381852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120524                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76024                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76023                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       129462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  159496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1199424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4142784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5342208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           323655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            113269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            56460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8157087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12145953000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111472                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              451306848                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5970507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012146                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12145953000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            668610                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5970507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569577                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      369158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3974388                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12145942                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12145942                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3826854                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1919903                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       505998                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 302267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        302267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               450824                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              236272                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       89372                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5753746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5753746                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11132826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4760174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566742                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        935502                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     368760                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 54275      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4723393     79.11%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     3788      0.06%     80.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46815      0.78%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4062      0.07%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2014      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    58332      0.98%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48196      0.81%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56238      0.94%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3029      0.05%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               15865      0.27%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                6346      0.11%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9519      0.16%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3173      0.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486669      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  355658      5.96%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               80073      1.34%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13102      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5970547                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    78                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41817                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44654                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1046                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6019                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    350250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    350250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60087.954111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57791.675045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58190.729357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60087.954111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57791.675045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58190.729357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                9                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    338212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    338212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58087.954111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55791.675045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56190.729357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58087.954111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55791.675045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56190.729357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   196                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    350250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.118781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60087.954111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57791.675045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58190.729357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58087.954111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55791.675045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56190.729357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4752.518344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            17.280612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.765017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   901.868791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3849.884536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.117489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.145035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5839                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.178192                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            63285                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           63285                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3873503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3873503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3873503                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3873503                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         100885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             100885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        100885                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            100885                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1746155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1746155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1746155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1746155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3974388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3974388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17308.370917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17308.370917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17308.370917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17308.370917                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        100885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100885                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1544387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1544387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1544387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1544387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15308.390742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15308.390742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15308.390742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15308.390742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     100628                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3873503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3873503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        100885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            100885                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1746155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1746155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3974388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17308.370917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17308.370917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1544387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1544387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15308.390742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15308.390742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.276042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3393349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                100628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.721718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.276042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4075272                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4075272                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       385792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       385792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  385792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31915250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           66944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          318272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              385216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        66944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          66944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks          576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total              576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5511630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26203955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31715585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5511630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5511630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks           47423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                 47423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks           47423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5511630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26203955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31763008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         9.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1046.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15165                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6019                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6019                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      36946500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                149802750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6138.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24888.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4861                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6019                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     9                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     332.656304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    208.755951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    326.314001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           349     30.14%     30.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          235     20.29%     50.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          274     23.66%     74.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           44      3.80%     77.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           36      3.11%     81.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      1.90%     82.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      2.16%     85.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      1.81%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          152     13.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  385216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   385216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                   576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12059471000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2000575.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        66944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       318272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5511630.087816081941                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26203954.518842615187                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1046                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4973                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            9                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     27988250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    121814500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26757.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24495.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4876620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2591985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22119720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      958223760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1086837810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3748814400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5823464295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.457174                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9735109750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    405340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2005503250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3391500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1802625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20855940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      958223760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         737133120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4043302560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5764709505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.619777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10504017500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    405340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1236595500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923057                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923057                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15638                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15638                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    538999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    544759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       938602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           938602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       938695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          938695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34640.038560                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34640.038560                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34835.592787                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34835.592787                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9883                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9883                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    513483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    513483000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32640.038560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32640.038560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32835.592787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32835.592787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19948.054037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19948.054037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17948.054037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17948.054037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         359776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             359776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414962000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    414962000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       369118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         369118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44418.968101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44418.968101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396278000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    396278000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42418.968101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42418.968101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.786359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  923918                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.064881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.786359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                954333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               954333                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          58021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         42864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        42864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    996961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    996961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          116523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         116523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.434884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.434884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14417.203247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48525.224072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19674.014287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14417.203247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48525.224072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19674.014287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    895615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    895615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12417.249907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46525.224072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17674.053755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12417.249907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46525.224072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17674.053755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54327                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        42864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    617979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         116523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.434884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14417.203247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48525.224072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19674.014287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    532253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363362000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    895615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12417.249907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46525.224072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17674.053755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.505270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 118973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.189942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.967181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   201.046736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.491353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.448225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               181245                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              181245                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               116523                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              116522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       201769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  242928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1633344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6456576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8089920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           504420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            165938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            78190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12145953000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16149190000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118722                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34236828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236812                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              479263763                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000393                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7979573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016149                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16149190000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            893613                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7979573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762234                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      489287                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5297159                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16149179                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16149179                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5120686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2559703                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       675188                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 410183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        410183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611350                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              320499                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120068                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7685603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7685603                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14872130                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6362582                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758390                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1247134                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     488744                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 73769      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6309680     79.07%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4883      0.06%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63580      0.80%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5528      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2860      0.04%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    79323      0.99%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65808      0.82%     82.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   76616      0.96%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4114      0.05%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               21060      0.26%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8424      0.11%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              12636      0.16%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4212      0.05%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   649801      8.14%     92.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  470902      5.90%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108589      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17842      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7979627                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    86                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        57148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           61086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        57148                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          61086                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6689                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66799000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    390341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66799000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    390341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        67775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        67775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60506.340580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57930.528201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58355.658544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60506.340580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57930.528201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58355.658544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               49                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58506.340580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.528201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56355.658544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58506.340580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.528201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56355.658544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   314                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        57148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          61086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    390341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        67775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60506.340580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57930.528201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58355.658544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312372000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.018952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58506.340580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55930.528201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56355.658544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5092.553528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              314                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.780255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.997955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   904.441673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4185.113901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.127720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.155412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.196014                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            82510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           82510                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5159864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5159864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5159864                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5159864                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137295                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137295                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2357948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2357948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2357948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2357948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5297159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5297159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17174.318074                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17174.318074                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17174.318074                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17174.318074                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2083360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2083360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15174.332641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15174.332641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15174.332641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15174.332641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137038                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5159864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5159864                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2357948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2357948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5297159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17174.318074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17174.318074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2083360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15174.332641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15174.332641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.703396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4534449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.088990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.703396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5434453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5434453                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           49                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       431232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       431232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  431232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6934000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           35467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           70656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          357440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              428096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            49                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  49                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4375204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22133618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26508822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4375204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4375204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          194189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                194189                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          194189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4375204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22133618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26703011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        49.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1104.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5585.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011871816500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17575                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  17                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6689                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          49                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6689                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        49                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        8.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      42163250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33445000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                167582000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6303.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25053.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5406                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       15                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 30.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6689                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    49                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     333.785381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    208.999750                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    327.533231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           386     30.02%     30.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          269     20.92%     50.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          294     22.86%     73.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      3.81%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      3.03%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      1.94%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      2.41%     84.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      1.94%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          168     13.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            6206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    6206.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  428096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     1152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   428096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16105390000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2390233.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        70656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       357440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4375203.957597873174                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22133617.847087066621                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 71334.847134747935                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1104                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5585                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           49                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29997000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    137585000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  19610139500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27171.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24634.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 400206928.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5083680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2702040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22912260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               88740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1274763360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1203488310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5187825120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7696863510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.609880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13475083000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    539240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2134867000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4098360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2178330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24847200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                5220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1274763360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         947239110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5403613920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7656745500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.125668                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14038448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    539240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1571501750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231502                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231502                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19965                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19965                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    646204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    646204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    651964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1251370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1251370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1251467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1251467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32493.789913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32493.789913                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32655.346857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32655.346857                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    606430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    606430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    612034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30493.789913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30493.789913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30655.346857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30655.346857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19709                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19184.630256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19184.630256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142220000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17184.630256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17184.630256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         477622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             477622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487432000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    487432000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       489233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         489233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41980.191198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41980.191198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464210000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464210000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39980.191198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39980.191198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.335101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1225082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.158506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.335101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1271432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1271432                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           79042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          79042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             67776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            67776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    821867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1258038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    821867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1258038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          157260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         157260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.430981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.430981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14108.578099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45801.848157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18561.703258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14108.578099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45801.848157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18561.703258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    705363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1122488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    705363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1122488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12108.612432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43801.848157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16561.732767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12108.612432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43801.848157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16561.732767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72484                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          79042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            67776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    821867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1258038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         157260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.430981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14108.578099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45801.848157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18561.703258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    705363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1122488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12108.612432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43801.848157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16561.732767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.371582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 165394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.281800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.241813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   204.176330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   220.953439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.164535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.398782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.431550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               242617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              242617                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               157260                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              157259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  326880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2068864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8786816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10855680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            219065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            99825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16149190000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20163053000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120282                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34237480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   240387                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485024963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000236                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9993147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020163                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20163053000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1118067                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000236                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9993147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      955323                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611275                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6618898                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20163042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20163042                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6422011                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199295                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       843896                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 518078                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        518078                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               772135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              404629                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151232                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9621934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9621934                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18620338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7966712                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      950478                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1561057                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     610579                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93259      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7898800     79.04%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5976      0.06%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79458      0.80%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6950      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4088      0.04%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100930      1.01%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84188      0.84%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97403      0.97%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5111      0.05%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25455      0.25%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10182      0.10%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              15273      0.15%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5091      0.05%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   813748      8.14%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  587933      5.88%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136730      1.37%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22646      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9993221                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   135                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        72961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           78108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        72961                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5147                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          78108                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6255                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7402                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    431072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    431072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        85510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        85510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60778.552746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57771.223022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58237.233180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60778.552746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57771.223022                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58237.233180                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           73                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               73                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    416268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    416268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58778.552746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55771.223022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56237.233180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58778.552746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55771.223022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56237.233180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   367                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        72961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          78108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     69713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    431072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        85510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60778.552746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57771.223022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58237.233180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58778.552746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55771.223022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56237.233180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5420.497051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.997275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.797223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   906.508389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4510.191439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.137640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.165420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.216583                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           102430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          102430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6444994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6444994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6444994                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6444994                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173904                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173904                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2973632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2973632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2973632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2973632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6618898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6618898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17099.273162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17099.273162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17099.273162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17099.273162                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2625824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2625824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2625824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2625824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15099.273162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15099.273162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15099.273162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15099.273162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173648                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6444994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6444994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2973632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2973632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6618898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17099.273162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17099.273162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2625824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2625824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15099.273162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15099.273162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.961511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5671690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.661994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.961511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6792802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6792802                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           73                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       478400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       478400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  478400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           39244250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          400320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              473728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            73                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  73                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3640718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19854136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23494855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3640718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3640718                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          231711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                231711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          231711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3640718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19854136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23726566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        72.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1147.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.028087274500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20049                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7402                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          73                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        73                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       3                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       11.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      45870500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                184601750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6199.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24949.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5976                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7402                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    73                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     333.094972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    208.677413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    325.867875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           430     30.03%     30.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          302     21.09%     51.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          315     22.00%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           62      4.33%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      3.21%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      2.03%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      2.79%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      2.03%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          179     12.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     2441.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    1240.852809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3261.006031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  473536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   473728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.49                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20140325000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2694357.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       400128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3640718.496350726113                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19844613.809228196740                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 171402.614475099574                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1147                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6255                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           73                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     31473750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    153128000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 158579228000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27440.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24480.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2172318191.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5690580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3024615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25911060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              156600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1591302960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1421931690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6545196480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9593213985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.781817                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17001861750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    673140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2488051250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4533900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2409825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26917800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1591302960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1110048780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6807834720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9543173265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.300014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17687528500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    673140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1802384500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1542034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1542034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1542055                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1542055                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24469                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24469                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    758249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    758249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    764009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    764009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1566425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1566425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1566524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1566524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31087.245295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31087.245295                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31223.548163                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31223.548163                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14794                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14794                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    709469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    709469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    715073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    715073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29087.327293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29087.327293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29223.629899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29223.629899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24212                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       955224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          955224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18713.354741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18713.354741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16713.543634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16713.543634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         597398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             597398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    560112000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    560112000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       611201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         611201                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40579.004564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40579.004564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532506000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532506000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022583                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38579.004564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38579.004564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.666533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1524355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.958657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.666533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1590992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1590992                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         74108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             85511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            85511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1030823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1527898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1030823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1527898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13909.739839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43591.598702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17867.853259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13909.739839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43591.598702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17867.853259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9456                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9456                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    882607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1356878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    882607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1356878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11909.739839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41591.774095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.876647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11909.739839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41591.774095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.876647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91300                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            85511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1030823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1527898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13909.739839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43591.598702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17867.853259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    882607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1356878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11909.739839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41591.774095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15867.876647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.894821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 207497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.272694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.697942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.913970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.282909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.167379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.402176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               304979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              304979                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198373                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198372                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        63731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  411539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2512768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11129856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13642624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           869520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            272343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           122340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20163053000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24164304000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120515                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34237480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   241187                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485339681                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000215                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12008287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024164                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24164304000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1342786                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000215                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12008287                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1149236                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731367                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7939811                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24164293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24164293                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7727055                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3838843                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1012746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 629064                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        629064                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               938342                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              491537                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      182228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11557716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11557716                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22367221                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9571697                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1143392                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873916                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     730524                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                112992      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9487881     79.01%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7061      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95722      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8386      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5458      0.05%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   122436      1.02%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   102774      0.86%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  118253      0.98%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6155      0.05%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30610      0.25%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12244      0.10%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              18366      0.15%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6122      0.05%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   977375      8.14%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  703163      5.86%     98.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              166017      1.38%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27361      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12008376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   146                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        88385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           94820                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        88385                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6435                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          94820                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6881                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8037                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    467325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    467325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        89541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       102857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        89541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       102857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.078138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.078138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60807.093426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57699.752943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58146.696529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60807.093426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57699.752943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58146.696529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               75                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67981000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67981000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451251000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58807.093426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55699.752943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56146.696529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58807.093426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55699.752943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56146.696529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   381                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        88385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          94820                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    467325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        89541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       102857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60807.093426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57699.752943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58146.696529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451251000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58807.093426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55699.752943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56146.696529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5747.199543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              381                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.608924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.199144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   910.249322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4833.751077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.147514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.175391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7718                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.235535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121813                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7729734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7729734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7729734                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7729734                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         210077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             210077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        210077                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            210077                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3578772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3578772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3578772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3578772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7939811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7939811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17035.525069                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17035.525069                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17035.525069                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17035.525069                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        210077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       210077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3158620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3158620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15035.534590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15035.534590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15035.534590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15035.534590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     209820                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7729734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7729734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        210077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            210077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3578772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3578772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7939811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17035.525069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17035.525069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       210077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3158620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3158620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15035.534590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15035.534590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6806705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                209820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.440687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.133469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8149887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8149887                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       519168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       519168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  519168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           73984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          440384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              514368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        73984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          73984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            75                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  75                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3061706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18224568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21286274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3061706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3061706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          198640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                198640                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          198640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3061706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18224568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21484914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        74.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6876.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.028087274500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22345                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8037                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          75                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8037                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       12.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      49138000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                199738000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6117.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24867.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6504                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 60.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8037                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    75                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8032                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     336.697463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    210.821492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    327.977154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           457     29.73%     29.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          325     21.15%     50.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          336     21.86%     72.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           64      4.16%     76.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           51      3.32%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      2.02%     82.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           45      2.93%     85.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      2.21%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          194     12.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1537                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     2441.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    1240.852809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3261.006031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  514048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   514368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24094534000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2970233.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        73984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       440064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3061706.225844535045                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18211325.267220605165                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 143020.879061941931                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1156                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6881                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           75                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     31752500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    167985500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 158579228000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27467.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24412.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2114389706.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5697720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3028410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25918200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              156600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1907227920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1481840970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8031227040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11455096860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.050354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20864651000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    806780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2492873000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5276460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2804505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31430280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1907227920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1348052280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8143891200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11438807925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.376263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21158695500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    806780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2198828500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1851230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1851230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1851256                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1851256                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          29180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              29180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         29258                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             29258                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    872696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    872696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    878456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    878456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1880410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1880410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1880514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1880514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29907.333790                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29907.333790                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30024.471939                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30024.471939                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    814336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    814336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27907.333790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27907.333790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28024.471939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28024.471939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      29002                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1135985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1135985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1149132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1149132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18368.905454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18368.905454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16368.905454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16368.905454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         715245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             715245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    631200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    631200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731278                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39368.801846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39368.801846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    599134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    599134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37368.801846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37368.801846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.887335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1869684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 29002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.467416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.887335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1909772                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1909772                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          120535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              136477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         120535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15942                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             136477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         89542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            102858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           102858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1788392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1788392000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          239335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         239335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.429766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.429766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13759.062786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41782.667468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.999553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13759.062786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41782.667468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.999553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10857                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10857                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       102858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1052932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1052932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11759.085122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39782.667468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15387.018997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11759.085122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39782.667468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15387.018997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    109810                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         120535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             136477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           102858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1232014000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    556378000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1788392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         239335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.429766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13759.062786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41782.667468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17386.999553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1052932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    529746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1582678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11759.085122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39782.667468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15387.018997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.243408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 251518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               109810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.290484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.158418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.926026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   210.158964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.179997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.406106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.410467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               366936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              366936                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               239335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              239334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       420153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  495948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13444864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16423232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1050380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            325730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           146290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24164304000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28168457000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125850                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34237480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   252140                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              506424808                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14024561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028168                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28168457000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1567842                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14024561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1342206                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      851695                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9260771                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28168457                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28168457                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9034752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4478726                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1181708                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 738211                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        738211                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1101453                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              576928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      213404                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13495797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13495797                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26118483                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11179067                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1335366                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     850710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                132738      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11079857     79.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8150      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    112024      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9808      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     6946      0.05%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   144016      1.03%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   121488      0.87%     82.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  139012      0.99%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   7175      0.05%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35170      0.25%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               14068      0.10%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              21102      0.15%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               7034      0.05%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1140642      8.13%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  818739      5.84%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              194724      1.39%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31971      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14024664                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   154                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       103736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          111564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       103736                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7828                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         111564                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7523                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    505357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    505357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       120255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       120255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60848.458904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57727.768178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58147.163733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60848.458904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57727.768178                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58147.163733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               76                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    487975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    487975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58848.458904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55727.768178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56147.163733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58848.458904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55727.768178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56147.163733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   401                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       103736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         111564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    505357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       120255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60848.458904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57727.768178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58147.163733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487975000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58848.458904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55727.768178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56147.163733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6069.944442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             132591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            15.148064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.744385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   913.201692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5153.998364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.157288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.185240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.254883                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           141344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          141344                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9014376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9014376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9014376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9014376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         246395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             246395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        246395                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            246395                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4186022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4186022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4186022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4186022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9260771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9260771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16989.070395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16989.070395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16989.070395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16989.070395                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        246395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246395                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3693232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3693232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14989.070395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14989.070395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14989.070395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14989.070395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     246139                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9014376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9014376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        246395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            246395                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4186022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4186022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9260771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16989.070395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16989.070395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3693232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3693232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14989.070395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14989.070395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9260771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                246395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.585061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9507166                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9507166                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           76                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       561088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       561088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  561088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           46058500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           74752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          481472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              556224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            76                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  76                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2653748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17092594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19746343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2653748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2653748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          172675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                172675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          172675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2653748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17092594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19919018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        75.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1168.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7515.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.028087274500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             3                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24676                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  51                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8691                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          76                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8691                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        76                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       13.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      53224250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                216030500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6129.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24879.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7043                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       45                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 60.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8691                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    76                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     339.095209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    212.046567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    329.434535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           488     29.59%     29.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          349     21.16%     50.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          352     21.35%     72.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           73      4.43%     76.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      3.34%     79.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      2.06%     81.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           49      2.97%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           40      2.43%     87.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          209     12.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     2441.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    1240.852809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    3261.006031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  555712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     3456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   556224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28090512000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3204119.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        74752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       480960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         3456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2653748.481856851373                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17074417.672221094370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 122690.426387217449                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1168                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7523                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           76                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32128750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    183901750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 158579228000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27507.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24445.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 2086568789.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6376020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3388935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30423540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              156600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2223152880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1717662510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9370235040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13351395525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         473.983915                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24343471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    940420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2884565250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5397840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2869020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31573080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2223152880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1434439770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9608738400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13306296270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.382860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24966105500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    940420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2261931500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2159730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2159730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2159759                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2159759                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    989032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    989032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    994792000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2193691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2193691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2193798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2193798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29122.581785                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29122.581785                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29225.065366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29225.065366                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    921110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    921110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    926714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    926714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27122.581785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27122.581785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27225.065366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27225.065366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33783                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1326351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1326351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1342099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1342099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18171.640843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18171.640843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16171.640843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16171.640843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         833379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             833379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702865000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    702865000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       851592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         851592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38591.390765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38591.390765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666439000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    666439000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36591.390765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36591.390765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.045501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2193798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 34039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.449543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.045501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2227837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2227837                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          141491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              160179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         141491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             160179                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        104904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            120255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           120255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1432487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2051290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1432487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2051290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       246395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          280434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       246395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         280434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.428817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.428817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13655.218104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40310.272946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17057.835433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13655.218104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40310.272946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17057.835433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       120255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1222679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1810780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1222679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1810780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11655.218104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38310.272946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057.835433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11655.218104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38310.272946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057.835433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    128306                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         141491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             160179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           120255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1432487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2051290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       246395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         280434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.428817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13655.218104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40310.272946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17057.835433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1222679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1810780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11655.218104                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38310.272946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15057.835433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.493108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 300131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               128818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.329884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.181879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.751774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.559456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.405765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               428949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              428949                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               280434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              280434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       492790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  580565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15769280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19208384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1231975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            378919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28168457000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
