
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3829633000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97802                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34343308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   196913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              374527225                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003830                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3829633000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3829622                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3829622                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142315                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614565     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14731      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11520      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1890                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            4611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2721                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1890                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           4611                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1587                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4454                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6041                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    361769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    361769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.567124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.567124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60172.022684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59783.565335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59885.614964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60172.022684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59783.565335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59885.614964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           32                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               32                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.022684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57783.565335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57885.614964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.022684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57783.565335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57885.614964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   203                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           4611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    361769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.567124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60172.022684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59783.565335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59885.614964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.368384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58172.022684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57783.565335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57885.614964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4055.043204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.665025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     4.317320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   895.739456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3154.986428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.061875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5851                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.089279                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            21362                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           21362                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    218599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    218599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30134.960022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30134.960022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30134.960022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30134.960022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    204091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    204091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    204091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    204091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28134.960022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28134.960022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28134.960022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28134.960022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6998                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    218599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30134.960022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30134.960022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    204091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204091000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28134.960022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28134.960022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.633078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.756502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.633078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.947785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.947785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300884                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           32                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       388672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       388672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  388672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6201000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          101568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          285056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              386624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       101568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         101568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            32                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  32                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26521601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74434287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              100955888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26521601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26521601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          534777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                534777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          534777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26521601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74434287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             101490665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        30.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1587.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4449.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13085                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6041                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          32                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6041                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        32                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      47313250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                160488250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7838.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26588.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6041                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    32                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     245.116751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.185597                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    289.758532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           706     44.80%     44.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          409     25.95%     70.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          147      9.33%     80.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           69      4.38%     84.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           50      3.17%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.71%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      1.27%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      1.02%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          132      8.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  386304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   386624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        100.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     100.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3475901000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      572353.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       101568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       284736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26521601.417159296572                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74350727.602357730269                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1587                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4454                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           32                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     42574000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    117914250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26826.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26473.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5847660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3108105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20734560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      301788240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         632788350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         937704960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1901971875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.645991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2431350500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    127660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1270622500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5404980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2872815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22362480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      301788240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         780857820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         813014880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1926301215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.998907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2105551750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    127660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1596421250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    406161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    414261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47964.218233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47964.218233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47344.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47344.114286                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    396763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45964.454417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45964.454417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45344.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45344.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32271.516881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32271.516881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30271.516881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30271.516881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270427000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    270427000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63450.727358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63450.727358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261905000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261905000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61451.196621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61451.196621                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8100000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      8100000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28723.404255                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28723.404255                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7536000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7536000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26723.404255                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26723.404255                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.136464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.136464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322098                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    488163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    488163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34429.665738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53560.283688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45823.993241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34429.665738                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53560.283688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45823.993241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327152000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327152000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32429.665738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51560.598897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43824.180982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32429.665738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51560.598897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43824.180982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    488163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34429.665738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53560.283688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45823.993241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327152000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32429.665738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51560.598897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43824.180982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.124979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   158.130379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.182238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.812361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.308848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3829633000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7876619000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 100249                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34365700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197171                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              394789985                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007877                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7876619000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7876608                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7876608                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729242                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099538     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18672      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11992      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3933981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6210                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9510                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15720                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2438                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6894                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    566246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    566246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.372505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.372505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61294.913864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60459.675080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60677.882555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61294.913864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60459.675080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60677.882555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          153                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              153                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    547582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    547582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59294.913864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58459.675080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58677.882555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59294.913864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58459.675080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58677.882555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   494                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    149437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    566246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.372505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61294.913864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60459.675080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60677.882555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    547582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.281915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.372505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59294.913864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58459.675080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58677.882555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5574.012005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.789474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.816156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1340.413335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4225.782514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.020453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.085053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.135239                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            45951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           45951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    393435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    393435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    393435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    393435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27597.853535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27597.853535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27597.853535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27597.853535                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25597.993827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25597.993827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25597.993827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25597.993827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13999                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    393435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    393435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27597.853535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27597.853535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25597.993827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25597.993827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.500967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.188871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.500967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.974613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9332                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          153                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       607040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       607040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  607040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           49808000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          156032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          441216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              597248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       156032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         156032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         9792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             9792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 153                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19809515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56015912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75825427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19809515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19809515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1243173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1243173                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1243173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19809515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56015912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              77068600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2438.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6889.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011763040500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             7                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             7                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20821                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 113                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9332                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         153                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9332                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80306750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                255188000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8610.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27360.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6508                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       96                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 64.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9332                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   153                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     212.725097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.708886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.429200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1375     48.40%     48.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          737     25.94%     74.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          272      9.57%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          128      4.51%     88.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           79      2.78%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      1.44%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.88%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.70%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      5.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     336.164291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2276.227288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              3     42.86%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1     14.29%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1     14.29%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1     14.29%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.142857                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.113940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.069045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     42.86%     42.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4     57.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  596928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     7680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   597248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  9792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         75.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7873553000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      830105.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       156032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       440896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         7680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19809514.716910898685                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 55975285.842821650207                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 975037.639880766161                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2438                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6894                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          153                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68118000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    187070000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 147342405500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27940.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27135.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 963022258.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10631460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5643165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33293820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              172260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      621401040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1381808820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1860993600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3913944165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.906625                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4824714750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    262860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2789044250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9667560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5138430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33300960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              454140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      621401040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1390561740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1853622720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3914146590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.932325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4804274750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    262860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2809484250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    829533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    829533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    842410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    842410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33803.300733                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33803.300733                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33850.759463                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33850.759463                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    780453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    792638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    792638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31803.300733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31803.300733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31850.759463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31850.759463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23253.189129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23253.189129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    306556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    306556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21253.189129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21253.189129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    494129000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48846.283116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48846.283116                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    473897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46846.283116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46846.283116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12877000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12877000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12185000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12185000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.121538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.121538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754913                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    873258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    873258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29712.683547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37568.458912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34856.424380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29712.683547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37568.458912                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34856.424380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    823154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    823154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27712.914788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35568.458912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32856.504211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27712.914788                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35568.458912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32856.504211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    873258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29712.683547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37568.458912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34856.424380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    823154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27712.914788                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35568.458912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32856.504211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.684941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   160.304656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   128.660181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.720104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.313095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.251289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.427188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7876619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12477996000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102613                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34372068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   203720                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              426779433                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012478                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12477996000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702616                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917852                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12477985                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12477985                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553614     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36494      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24642      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        15658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        20149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        15658                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35807                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2991                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11994                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14985                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    923650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    923650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.295027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.295027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62060.180542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61533.099883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61638.304972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62060.180542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61533.099883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61638.304972                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          241                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              241                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714040000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    893680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    893680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60060.180542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.099883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59638.304972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60060.180542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.099883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59638.304972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   843                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        20149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        15658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    923650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.295027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62060.180542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61533.099883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61638.304972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    714040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    893680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60060.180542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59533.099883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59638.304972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7779.812004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.749703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.275763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1706.064818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  6064.471423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.092536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.118711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        14173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8614                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.216263                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            85132                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           85132                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    824790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    824790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22420.692092                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22420.692092                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22420.692092                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22420.692092                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    751216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    751216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20420.692092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20420.692092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20420.692092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20420.692092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36531                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    824790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    824790000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22420.692092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22420.692092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    751216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20420.692092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20420.692092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.897546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.287290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.897546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14985                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        30211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       974464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       974464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  974464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            16190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           80225750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          191424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          767616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              959040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       191424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         191424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        15424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            15424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 241                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15340925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61517571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76858496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15340925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15340925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1236096                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1236096                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1236096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15340925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61517571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78094591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       238.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2991.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11988.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011763040500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33392                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 209                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         241                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       241                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     143042500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    74895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                423898750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9549.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28299.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      178                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   241                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     173.131565                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.128106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.828148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3080     54.83%     54.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1241     22.09%     76.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          685     12.20%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          211      3.76%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          134      2.39%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           49      0.87%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.52%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.37%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167      2.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean     1082.769231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     462.307173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1680.135270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              4     30.77%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2     15.38%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2     15.38%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      7.69%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            2     15.38%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.047616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.037749                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6     46.15%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     53.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  958656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   959040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 15424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12476881000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      819445.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       191424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       767232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15340924.936985073611                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61486796.437504872680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1138644.378472312354                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2991                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11994                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          241                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     85811250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    338087500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252933187000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28689.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28188.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1049515298.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20149080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10701900                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53178720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              302760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      984653280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2782127250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2448706560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6299819550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.874304                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6339573250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    416520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5721902750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19992000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10614615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53771340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              856080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      984653280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2792760600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2439752160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6302400075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.081110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6314900500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    416520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5746575500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1474412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1474412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1487289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1487289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33672.368511                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33672.368511                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33700.156346                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33700.156346                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1386840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1399025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1399025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31672.414187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31672.414187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31700.201663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31700.201663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    597988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    597988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21653.679027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21653.679027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    542756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19653.679027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19653.679027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    876424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    876424000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54197.266712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54197.266712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844084000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    844084000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52197.390390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52197.390390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12877000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12877000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12185000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12185000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.814239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.814239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    480460000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1553976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    480460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1553976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20763.180640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38820.959751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30594.294489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20763.180640                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38820.959751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30594.294489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18763.180640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36821.032076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28594.333865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18763.180640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36821.032076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28594.333865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64659                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    480460000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1553976000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20763.180640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38820.959751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30594.294489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    434180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18763.180640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36821.032076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28594.333865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.276159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   151.144672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.427283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.704204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.295204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.211772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.487704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12477996000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16830597000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107109                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34375624                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213881                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              450674444                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016831                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16830597000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848986                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16830586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16830586                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325453                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325453                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041955     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54019      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920777     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41384      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        23420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           58109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34689                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        23420                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          58109                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3229                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15430                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18659                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    954317000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1156859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    954317000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1156859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62725.921338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61848.152949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62000.053593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62725.921338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61848.152949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62000.053593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          372                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              372                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119541000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119541000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60725.921338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59848.152949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60000.053593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60725.921338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59848.152949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60000.053593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1168                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        23420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          58109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    202542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    954317000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1156859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62725.921338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61848.152949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62000.053593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    196084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1119541000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.397169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60725.921338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59848.152949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60000.053593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9874.921659                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.546233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.754673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1925.347758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7939.819228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.029378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.121152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.150679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        17524                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.267395                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121326                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1236545000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1236545000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1236545000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1236545000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20897.115238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20897.115238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20897.115238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20897.115238                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1118199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1118199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1118199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1118199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18897.115238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18897.115238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18897.115238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18897.115238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58917                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1236545000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1236545000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20897.115238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20897.115238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1118199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1118199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18897.115238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18897.115238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.958491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.235738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.958491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267530                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1217984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1217984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1217984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100005750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          206656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          987520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1194176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       206656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         206656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        23808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            23808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12278590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58674092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70952682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12278590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12278590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1414567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1414567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1414567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12278590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58674092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72367249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       368.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3229.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15421.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011763040500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            20                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            20                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                41982                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 326                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         372                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     184798250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    93250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                534485750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9908.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28658.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11193                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      283                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   372                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.668085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.734140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    184.861973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4258     56.62%     56.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1608     21.38%     78.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          980     13.03%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          250      3.32%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          148      1.97%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      0.68%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      0.41%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.29%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          172      2.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      923.850000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     487.278385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1367.439916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              5     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4     20.00%     45.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3     15.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3     15.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            3     15.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.300000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.273054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.978721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     35.00%     35.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13     65.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1193600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    22144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1194176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 23808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16826053000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      884139.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       206656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       986944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        22144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12278589.998916855082                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58639868.805604465306                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1315699.021252781618                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3229                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15430                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          372                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     94764250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    439721500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 361901197500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29347.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28497.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 972852681.45                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25839660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13734105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             65552340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              438480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1328237040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3794060220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3267951360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8495813205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.783829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8459404750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    561860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7809332250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27853140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14804295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             67608660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1367640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1328237040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3876507300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3198522240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8514900315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.917901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8276907000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    561860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7991830000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2003091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2003091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2015968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2015968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32269.404259                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32269.404259                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32296.827940                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32296.827940                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1878945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1878945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1891130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1891130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30269.436479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30269.436479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30296.859981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30296.859981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62163                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    860049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    860049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20696.643003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20696.643003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776941000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18696.691132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18696.691132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1143042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1143042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55706.515912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55706.515912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1102004000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1102004000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53706.515912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53706.515912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12877000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     12877000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12185000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12185000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35216.763006                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.120891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.120891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695313                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    689018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1428507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2117525000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    689018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1428507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2117525000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18171.264307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36768.860518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27583.073897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18171.264307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36768.860518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27583.073897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1350807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1963989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1350807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1963989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16171.264307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34768.911997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25583.099949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16171.264307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34768.911997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25583.099949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    689018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1428507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2117525000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18171.264307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36768.860518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27583.073897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1350807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1963989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16171.264307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34768.911997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25583.099949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.980578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   145.668773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   104.674236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.637569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.284509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.204442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16830597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21246159000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110712                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34386432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220637                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470433703                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021246                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21246159000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147119                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21246148                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21246148                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567780     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66830      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51344      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        45151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           73278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        45151                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28127                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          73278                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27495                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    240275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1457910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1698185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    240275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1457910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1698185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.077742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.272841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.077742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.272841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63130.583290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61543.754485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61763.411529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63130.583290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61543.754485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61763.411529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          797                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              797                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232663000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1410532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232663000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1410532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.077742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.077742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61130.583290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59543.754485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59763.411529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61130.583290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59543.754485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59763.411529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2128                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        45151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          73278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    240275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1457910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1698185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.077742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.272841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63130.583290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61543.754485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61763.411529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    232663000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1410532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1643195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.077742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61130.583290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59543.754485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59763.411529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        12009.780030                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.445959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    10.022698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2080.754569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9919.002763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.151352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.183255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        25406                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.387665                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           164046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          164046                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1552219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1552219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1552219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1552219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20747.153015                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20747.153015                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20747.153015                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20747.153015                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1402587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1402587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18747.153015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18747.153015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18747.153015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18747.153015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74560                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1552219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1552219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20747.153015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20747.153015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1402587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1402587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18747.153015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18747.153015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.590604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.855982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.590604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        55787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        55787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55787                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1810688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1810688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1810688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          147029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          243584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1516096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1759680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       243584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         243584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        51008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            51008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3806                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 797                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11464849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71358592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82823441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11464849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11464849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2400810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2400810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2400810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11464849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71358592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              85224252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       793.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3806.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23674.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011763040500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            44                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            44                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                61195                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 726                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27495                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         797                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27495                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       797                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     266190000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   137400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                781440000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9686.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28436.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17678                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      646                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27495                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   797                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     182.146902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.865936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.054784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5520     55.62%     55.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2012     20.27%     75.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1269     12.79%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          316      3.18%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          182      1.83%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           72      0.73%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          144      1.45%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           56      0.56%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          354      3.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      521.136364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     225.521710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     989.135413                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             22     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10     22.73%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      9.09%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      6.82%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            3      6.82%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.27%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             44                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.480458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.821230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     20.45%     20.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      9.09%     29.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                31     70.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             44                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1758720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    49280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1759680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 51008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21245889000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      750950.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       243584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1515136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        49280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11464848.775724589825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71313407.755255907774                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2319478.076013645623                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3806                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23689                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          797                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    113209250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    668230750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 443893498500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29744.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28208.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 556955456.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              34643280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              18409545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             94483620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1268460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1676737920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4989500700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3956840640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10771884165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.003838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10238005750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    709280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10298873250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              36228360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19255830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            101723580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2750940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1676737920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5101642500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3862405440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10800744570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.362221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9990407250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    709280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10546471750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2785797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2785797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2827961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2827961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34874.338078                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34874.338078                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35080.706586                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35080.706586                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2626037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2626037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2666737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2666737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32874.363115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32874.363115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33080.731396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33080.731396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1048659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20650.210705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20650.210705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    947095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    947095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18650.210705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18650.210705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1737138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1737138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59697.515379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59697.515379                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1678942000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1678942000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57697.584109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57697.584109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42164000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     42164000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40700000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40700000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.303595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.303595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094138                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    869104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2084140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2953244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    869104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2084140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2953244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17752.394959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40221.162939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29305.614543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17752.394959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40221.162939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29305.614543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    771190000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1980508000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2751698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    771190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1980508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2751698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15752.394959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38221.201536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27305.634390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15752.394959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38221.201536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27305.634390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    869104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2084140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2953244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17752.394959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40221.162939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29305.614543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    771190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1980508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2751698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15752.394959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38221.201536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27305.634390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.400272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.365722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.140897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   277.893653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.264386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.542761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21246159000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25501026000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115060                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34400680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228269                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              488877162                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25501026000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25501015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25501015                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177004     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           83786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51816                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          83786                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         33062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28672                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        33062                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    277391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2032441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    277391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2032441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.282949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.282949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63187.015945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61211.286272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61473.625310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63187.015945                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61211.286272                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61473.625310                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1224                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1224                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        33062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        33062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1697706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1697706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61187.015945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59211.286272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59473.625310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61187.015945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59211.286272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59473.625310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2986                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        31970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          83786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        33062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    277391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2032441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.282949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63187.015945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61211.286272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61473.625310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1697706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1966317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.472808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61187.015945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59211.286272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59473.625310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        14907.372249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.946082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    10.128142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2194.779501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 12702.464607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.033490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.193824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.227468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        30116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        15145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        14915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.459534                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           191590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          191590                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2027874000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2027874000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19844.735632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19844.735632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19844.735632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19844.735632                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17844.735632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17844.735632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17844.735632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17844.735632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101931                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2027874000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19844.735632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19844.735632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1823500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17844.735632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17844.735632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.992614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.987060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.992614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931345                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        67348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        67348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  67348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2194304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2194304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2194304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            39182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          176414250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          280960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1835008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2115968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       280960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         280960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        78336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            78336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                33062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11017596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71958203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82975799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11017596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11017596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3071876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3071876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3071876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11017596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71958203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              86047675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1220.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4390.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28656.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011763040500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                73830                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1121                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        33062                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1224                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      33062                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     310832750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   165230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                930445250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9406.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28156.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22577                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      974                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  33062                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1224                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.089956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.343530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.083199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5691     53.27%     53.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2147     20.10%     73.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1329     12.44%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          346      3.24%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          212      1.98%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           88      0.82%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          281      2.63%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           65      0.61%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          524      4.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      478.608696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     109.253756                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1359.369266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511             56     81.16%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            7     10.14%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      1.45%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      1.45%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      1.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.217391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.190952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.952853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                25     36.23%     36.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      5.80%     42.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                40     57.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2114944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    76032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2115968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 78336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25460878000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      742602.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       280960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1833984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        76032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11017595.919473985210                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71918047.532675743103                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2981527.096203893889                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28672                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1224                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    130852000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    799593250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 562311820000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29806.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27887.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 459405081.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37142280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19741590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            115232460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1931400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2012946000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5457736320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5196405600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12841135650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         503.553686                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13455306750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    851500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11194219250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              39134340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20800395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            120715980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4269960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2012946000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5549359260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5119249440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12866475375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.547361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13253185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    851500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11396340750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3247993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3247993000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3290157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3290157000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36414.518751                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36414.518751                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36586.976103                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36586.976103                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3069605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3069605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3110305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3110305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34414.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34414.541174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34586.998343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34586.998343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1125630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1125630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20570.723684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20570.723684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1016192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1016192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18570.760234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18570.760234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2122363000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2122363000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61562.378535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61562.378535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2053413000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2053413000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59562.378535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59562.378535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42164000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     42164000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40700000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40700000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55601.092896                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.419791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.419791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432669                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    999289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2486052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3485341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    999289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2486052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3485341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17779.044942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40994.871626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29827.734940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17779.044942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40994.871626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29827.734940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    886877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2364768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3251645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    886877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2364768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3251645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15779.044942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38994.904606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27827.752056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15779.044942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38994.904606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27827.752056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    999289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2486052000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3485341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17779.044942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40994.871626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29827.734940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    886877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2364768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3251645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15779.044942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38994.904606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27827.752056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.667188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.497260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   111.689055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.480873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.243159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.218143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.536095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25501026000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29626141000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125852                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34407584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247357                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              532639873                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029626                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29626141000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536925                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29626141                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29626141                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701249     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034545      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        40000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          100802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60802                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        40000                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         100802                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         34204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4591                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29613                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        34204                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1815216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2106243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1815216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2106243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       135006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.425395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.253352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.425395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.253352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63390.764539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61297.943471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61578.850427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63390.764539                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61297.943471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61578.850427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1360                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1360                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        34204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        34204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2037835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2037835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.425395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.425395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61390.764539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59297.943471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59578.850427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61390.764539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59297.943471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59578.850427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3367                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         100802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        34204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    291027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1815216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2106243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.425395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.253352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63390.764539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61297.943471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61578.850427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    281845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1755990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2037835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.070206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.425395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61390.764539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59297.943471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59578.850427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        17051.033145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            34246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.253402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    10.322898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2299.393405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 14741.316842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.224935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.260178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        30879                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          515                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11359                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.471176                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           214154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          214154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2603983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2603983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2603983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2603983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18971.033287                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18971.033287                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18971.033287                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18971.033287                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2329461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2329461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2329461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2329461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16971.033287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16971.033287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16971.033287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16971.033287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137005                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2603983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2603983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18971.033287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18971.033287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2329461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2329461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16971.033287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16971.033287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.272120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.664945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.272120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287758                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        69768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        69768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  69768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2276096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2276096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2276096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            41004000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          182550500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          293824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1895232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2189056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       293824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         293824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        87040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            87040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1360                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9917728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63971612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73889340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9917728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9917728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2937946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2937946                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2937946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9917728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63971612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76827286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1356.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4591.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011763040500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            77                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            77                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                77304                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1249                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34204                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1360                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34204                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     325110000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   170940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                966135000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9509.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28259.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34204                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1360                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.504389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.355610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    247.613107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5960     52.84%     52.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2402     21.30%     74.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1378     12.22%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          355      3.15%     89.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          213      1.89%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           93      0.82%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          283      2.51%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           66      0.59%     95.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          529      4.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      431.415584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      93.390379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1293.380895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511             64     83.12%     83.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            7      9.09%     92.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      3.90%     96.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      1.30%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      1.30%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      1.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             77                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.194805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.167922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.960249                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                29     37.66%     37.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      5.19%     42.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                44     57.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             77                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2188032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    84736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2189056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 87040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29602654000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      832376.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       293824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1894208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        84736                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9917727.725659579039                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 63937048.027956120670                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2860176.760787035804                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4591                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29613                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1360                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    137776750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    828358250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 639495302250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30010.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27972.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 470217134.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              38163300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20284275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            117217380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2328120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2338090560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5686599870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6587722560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14790406065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.234985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17069930250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    989040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11567170750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              42368760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22519530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            126884940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4583160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2338090560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5923718730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6388043520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14846209200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.118563                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16548482500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    989040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12088618500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3453037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3453037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3581796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3581796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34754.536762                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34754.536762                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34748.067017                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34748.067017                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3254327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3254327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3375638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3375638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32754.536762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32754.536762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32748.067017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32748.067017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1291182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1291182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20208.504844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20208.504844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1163396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1163396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18208.504844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18208.504844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2161855000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2161855000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60962.579663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60962.579663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2090931000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2090931000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58962.579663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58962.579663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128759000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    128759000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34575.456498                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34575.456498                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121311000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121311000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32575.456498                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32575.456498                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.500579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.500579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1131954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2660959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3792913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1131954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2660959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3792913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17310.017892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38225.029808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28094.403212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17310.017892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38225.029808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28094.403212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1001168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2521733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3522901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1001168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2521733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3522901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15310.017892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36225.029808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26094.403212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15310.017892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36225.029808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26094.403212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1131954000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2660959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3792913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17310.017892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38225.029808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28094.403212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1001168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2521733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3522901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15310.017892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36225.029808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26094.403212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.852767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.075590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   127.789151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   259.988026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.240382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.249588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.507789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29626141000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
