
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4159048000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97852                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34321404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191514                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              406951289                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000020                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1957264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004159                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4159048000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1957264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183769                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130557                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1330393                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4159037                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4159037                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243397                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              640892                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167715                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84047                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84047                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               125440                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1896451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1896451                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3666929                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1560038                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182957                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313404                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130447                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15390      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1556337     79.52%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1608      0.08%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12886      0.66%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1125      0.06%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      506      0.03%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16681      0.85%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13390      0.68%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15710      0.80%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    827      0.04%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4280      0.22%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1712      0.09%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2568      0.13%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                856      0.04%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160922      8.22%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126743      6.48%     98.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22035      1.13%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3704      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1957280                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    58                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11521                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12326                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3773                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4751                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    277816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    277816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58450.920245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58481.579645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58475.268365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58450.920245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58481.579645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58475.268365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    213105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    268314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    213105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    268314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56450.920245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56481.579645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56475.268365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56450.920245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56481.579645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56475.268365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    277816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58450.920245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58481.579645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58475.268365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    213105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56450.920245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56481.579645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56475.268365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3780.468164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   861.424832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2919.043332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.022271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.028843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.036247                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1302041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1302041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1302041                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1302041                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28352                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28352                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    530694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    530694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1330393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1330393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18718.044582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18718.044582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18718.044582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18718.044582                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    473990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    473990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    473990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    473990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16718.044582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16718.044582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16718.044582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16718.044582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28096                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1302041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1302041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    530694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1330393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18718.044582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18718.044582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    473990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    473990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16718.044582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16718.044582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.962801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1127164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.118309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.962801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1358745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1358745                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       304064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       304064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  304064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4751000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25212750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           62592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          241472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              304064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15049598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58059441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73109038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15049598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15049598                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15049598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58059441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73109038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       978.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3773.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10570                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4751                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      30494000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                119575250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6418.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25168.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3781                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4751                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     313.725490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    195.833546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    319.786284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           314     32.40%     32.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          200     20.64%     53.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          241     24.87%     77.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           24      2.48%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      2.06%     82.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      1.86%     84.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.86%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.14%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          123     12.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  304064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   304064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4158307000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      875248.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        62592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       241472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15049597.888747615740                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58059440.525812633336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          978                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3773                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24569000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     95006250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25121.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25180.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4084080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2170740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16707600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         768947100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         949540320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2069667600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.630131                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2460774250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1559433750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2841720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1506615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17214540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         485779080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1187997600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2023557315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.543390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3083373250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    936834750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307363                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307363                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6947                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6947                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    330273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    336017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48074.672489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48074.672489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48368.648337                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48368.648337                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    316535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    322125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46074.963610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46074.963610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46368.936231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46368.936231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6690                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     54833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26669.747082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26669.747082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24669.747082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24669.747082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125727                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    275440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036877                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036877                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57216.452015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57216.452015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265814000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265814000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036877                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036877                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55216.867470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55216.867470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.514446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  293075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.807922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.514446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321256                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15853                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18221                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4579                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    490315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    490315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17417.073366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59536.798428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28710.329078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17417.073366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59536.798428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28710.329078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456161000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456161000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15417.073366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57537.235204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26710.446188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15417.073366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57537.235204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26710.446188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18729                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17078                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217696000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    490315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17417.073366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59536.798428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28710.329078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15417.073366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57537.235204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26710.446188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.772142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.937370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.488882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   179.523467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.759794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.350632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35299                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35298                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       765696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1814528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2580224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           141760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4159048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8155524000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98632                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   195470                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              402185335                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3963741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008156                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8155524000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443683                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3963741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376553                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      250221                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2652652                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8155513                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8155513                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2534556                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1280293                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       336796                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 192809                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        192809                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               287449                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              150632                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58886                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3825216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3825216                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7400189                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159891                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374733                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624700                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249967                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34822      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139809     79.21%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2701      0.07%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29770      0.75%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2594      0.07%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1254      0.03%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37527      0.95%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30796      0.78%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   35999      0.91%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1930      0.05%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                9940      0.25%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3976      0.10%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               5964      0.15%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1988      0.05%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323811      8.17%     92.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  241539      6.09%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               50922      1.28%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8428      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3963770                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    63                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        26721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        26721                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1806                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28527                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5391                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    315089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    315089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        33918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        33918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035969                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035969                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58680.040120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58394.401457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58447.226860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58680.040120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58394.401457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58447.226860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    304307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    304307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035969                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035969                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56680.040120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56394.401457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56447.226860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56680.040120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56394.401457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56447.226860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        26721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        33918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58680.040120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58394.401457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58447.226860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.708710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56680.040120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56394.401457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56447.226860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5226                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5226                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4396.850180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   920.992068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3475.858112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.026519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.033545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.041130                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2587971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2587971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2587971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2587971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          64681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              64681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         64681                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             64681                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1138024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1138024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2652652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2652652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17594.409487                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17594.409487                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17594.409487                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17594.409487                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1008664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1008664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15594.440408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15594.440408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15594.440408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15594.440408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      64424                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2587971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2587971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         64681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             64681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1138024000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2652652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17594.409487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17594.409487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1008664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15594.440408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15594.440408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.431195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2271229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 64424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.254393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.431195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2717332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2717332                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       345024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       345024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  345024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           63808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          281216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              345024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        63808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          63808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7823899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34481659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               42305559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7823899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7823899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7823899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34481659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42305559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       997.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12876                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5391                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5391                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      34464750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                135546000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6393.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25143.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4326                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5391                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     323.966197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    202.065500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    324.645438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           334     31.36%     31.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          219     20.56%     51.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          254     23.85%     75.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           35      3.29%     79.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           25      2.35%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      2.16%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      1.97%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      1.41%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          139     13.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  345024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   345024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         42.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      42.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8147619000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1511337.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        63808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       281216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7823899.482117886655                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34481659.302332989872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          997                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4394                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25274000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    110272000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25350.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25096.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4248300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2258025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17685780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      643528080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         867720690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2401009440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3936450315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.672887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6233346750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    272220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1649957250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3355800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1783650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20805960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      643528080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         670749780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2566879680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3907102950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         479.074422                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6666359000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    272220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1216945000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615459                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615459                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11286                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11286                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    437095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    442839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       626658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           626658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       626745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          626745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38995.004015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38995.004015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39237.905369                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39237.905369                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7445                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7445                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420267000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36995.004015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36995.004015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37237.905369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37237.905369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11030                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21762.548263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21762.548263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19762.548263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19762.548263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         243127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             243127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346911000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346911000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       250192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         250192                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49102.760085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49102.760085                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    332781000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332781000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47102.760085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47102.760085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.692582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  600932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 54.481596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.692582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                638031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               638031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36962                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5086                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42048                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         27719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             33919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            33919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    745241000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    745241000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428549                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.446497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428549                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.446497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15038.204841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52967.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21971.196085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15038.204841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52967.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21971.196085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5226                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5226                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361408000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    677405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361408000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    677405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428549                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428549                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13038.276994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50967.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19971.255049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13038.276994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50967.258065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19971.255049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     36511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27719                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            33919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    745241000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75967                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.446497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15038.204841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52967.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21971.196085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    677405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13038.276994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50967.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19971.255049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.784130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                36511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.109501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.508931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.522711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.752488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.157244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.381880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120435                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120435                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75967                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75966                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7445                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30017                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       129361                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  159378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1198784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4139520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5338304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           323400000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            113192000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            56430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8155524000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12144435000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104393                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207756                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              422588734                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5970527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012144                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12144435000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            668581                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5970527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569580                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      369207                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3974445                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12144424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12144424                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3826797                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1919862                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       505974                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 302331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        302331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               450912                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              236322                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       89362                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5753733                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5753733                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11132924                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4760131                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566745                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        935554                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     368809                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 54286      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4723314     79.11%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     3790      0.06%     80.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46815      0.78%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4063      0.07%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2018      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    58342      0.98%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48204      0.81%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56242      0.94%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3036      0.05%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               15865      0.27%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                6346      0.11%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9519      0.16%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3173      0.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486654      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  355697      5.96%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               80091      1.34%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13112      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5970567                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    68                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41878                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44715                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5971                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    348036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    348036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58687.374749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58207.520611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58287.723999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58687.374749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58207.520611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58287.723999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    336094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    336094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56687.374749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56207.520611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56287.723999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56687.374749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56207.520611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56287.723999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    289466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    348036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.117804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58687.374749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58207.520611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58287.723999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279520000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    336094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56687.374749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56207.520611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56287.723999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4812.783936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   946.128102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3866.655834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.029500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.036719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.045555                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            63234                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           63234                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3873541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3873541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3873541                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3873541                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         100904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             100904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        100904                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            100904                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1742306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1742306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1742306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1742306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3974445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3974445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17266.966622                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17266.966622                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17266.966622                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17266.966622                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        100904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15266.986443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15266.986443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15266.986443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15266.986443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     100647                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3873541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3873541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        100904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            100904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1742306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1742306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3974445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17266.966622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17266.966622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15266.986443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15266.986443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.274934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3393679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                100647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.718630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.274934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4075348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4075348                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       382144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       382144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  382144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31655750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          318272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              382144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5259364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26207230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31466594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5259364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5259364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5259364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26207230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31466594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       998.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15060                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      37236000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                149192250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6236.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24986.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4833                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     335.803163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    210.490113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    328.524566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           340     29.88%     29.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          233     20.47%     50.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          265     23.29%     73.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           42      3.69%     77.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      3.25%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      2.02%     82.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      2.28%     84.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      1.67%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          153     13.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  382144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   382144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12056773000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2019221.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       318272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5259363.650923241861                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26207229.895832948387                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          998                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4973                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25306500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    123885750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25357.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24911.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4762380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2531265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21819840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      958223760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1059758820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3771034560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5818130625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.077917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9793282500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    405340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1945812500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3362940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1787445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20813100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      958223760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         730561020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4048253760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5763002025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.538505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10517050750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    405340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1222044250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923106                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923106                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15641                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15641                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    541112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    546872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       938654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           938654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       938747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          938747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34769.131915                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34769.131915                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34964.004859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34964.004859                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9886                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9886                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    509986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    515590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    515590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32769.131915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32769.131915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32964.004859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32964.004859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15385                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20074.622065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20074.622065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18074.622065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18074.622065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         359822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             359822                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    416288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       369167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         369167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44546.602461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44546.602461                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025314                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025314                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42546.602461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42546.602461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.778923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  923938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.054469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.778923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                954388                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               954388                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          58027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         42877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        42877                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    995012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    995012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          116545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         116545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.434914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.434914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14319.145463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48790.012804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19630.516701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14319.145463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48790.012804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19630.516701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    893640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    893640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12319.192108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46790.012804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17630.556158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12319.192108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46790.012804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17630.556158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54340                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        42877                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    995012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         116545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.434914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14319.145463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48790.012804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19630.516701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    893640000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12319.192108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46790.012804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17630.556158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9886                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9886                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9886                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9886                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.497313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 118986                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.189658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.970162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   201.058113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.469038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.448182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               181283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              181283                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               116545                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              116544                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       201807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  242975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1633728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6457792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8091520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           504515000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            165975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            78205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12144435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16142087000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109399                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218217                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              441438532                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000359                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7979545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016142                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16142087000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            893664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7979545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762240                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      489273                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5297096                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16142076                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16142076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5120685                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2559692                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       675225                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 410129                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        410129                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611272                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              320457                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120100                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7685589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7685589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14871945                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6362541                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758397                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1247127                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     488730                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 73761      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6309707     79.07%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4883      0.06%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63580      0.80%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5526      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2860      0.04%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    79305      0.99%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65798      0.82%     82.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   76606      0.96%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4114      0.05%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               21060      0.26%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8424      0.11%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              12636      0.16%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4212      0.05%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   649820      8.14%     92.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  470890      5.90%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108577      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17840      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7979599                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   110                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        57252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           61190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        57252                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          61190                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6583                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    383453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324883000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    383453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        67773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        67773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58687.374749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58170.635631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58248.974632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58687.374749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58170.635631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58248.974632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313713000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    370287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    370287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56687.374749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56170.635631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56248.974632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56687.374749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56170.635631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56248.974632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        57252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          61190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324883000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        67773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58687.374749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58170.635631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58248.974632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    370287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56687.374749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56170.635631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56248.974632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5172.070256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   958.974384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4213.095872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.032143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.039460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.050224                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            82354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           82354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5159818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5159818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5159818                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5159818                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137278                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137278                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2349668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2349668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2349668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2349668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5297096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5297096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17116.129314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17116.129314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17116.129314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17116.129314                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15116.143883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15116.143883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15116.143883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15116.143883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137021                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5159818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5159818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2349668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2349668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5297096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17116.129314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17116.129314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15116.143883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15116.143883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.702153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4534719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.095066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.702153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5434373                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5434373                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6583000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34884750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          357440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              421312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3956861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22143357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26100219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3956861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3956861                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3956861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22143357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26100219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       998.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5585.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17312                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6583                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6583                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40813000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                164244250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6199.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24949.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5365                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6583                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     345.904762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    216.827275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    333.647274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           351     28.82%     28.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          255     20.94%     49.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          273     22.41%     72.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           45      3.69%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           43      3.53%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      1.97%     81.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      2.63%     83.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      2.30%     86.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          167     13.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  421312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   421312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16100106000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2445709.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       357440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3956861.340172432829                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22143357.299461960793                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          998                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5585                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25306500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    138937750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25357.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24876.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4819500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2561625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22369620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1274148720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1136648400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5241384000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7681931865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.894589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13615151500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    538980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1987955500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3877020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2060685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24633000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1274148720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         918935190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5424721440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7648376055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.815812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14093730250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    538980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1509376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231495                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231495                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19964                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19964                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    647530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    647530000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1251362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1251362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1251459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1251459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32562.103993                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32562.103993                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32723.402124                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32723.402124                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    607758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30562.103993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30562.103993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30723.402124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30723.402124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19708                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19280.241692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19280.241692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17280.241692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17280.241692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         477608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             477608                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487986000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    487986000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       489219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         489219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42027.904573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42027.904573                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464764000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464764000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40027.904573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40027.904573                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.328981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1225200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.167648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.328981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1271423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1271423                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           79027                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          79027                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             67774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            67774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    813824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1251336000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    813824000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1251336000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          157242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         157242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13970.987623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45942.665127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18463.363532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13970.987623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45942.665127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18463.363532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11971.021957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43942.665127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16463.393042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11971.021957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43942.665127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16463.393042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72482                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          79027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            67774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    813824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1251336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         157242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13970.987623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45942.665127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18463.363532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697324000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11971.021957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43942.665127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16463.393042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.364768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 165392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.281835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.240349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   204.177067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   220.947351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.164532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.398783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.431538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               242597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              242597                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               157242                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              157241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  326844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2068800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8785728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10854528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            219047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            99820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16142087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20155061000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111049                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221933                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              447631569                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000046                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9992737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020155                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20155061000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1117997                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9992737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      955283                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611265                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6618658                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20155050                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20155050                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6421731                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199155                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       843846                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 518078                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        518078                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               772135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              404629                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151212                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9621534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9621534                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18619658                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7966392                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      950438                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1561007                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     610569                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93259      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7898440     79.04%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5976      0.06%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79458      0.80%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6950      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4088      0.04%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100930      1.01%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84188      0.84%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97403      0.97%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5111      0.05%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25455      0.25%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10182      0.10%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              15273      0.15%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5091      0.05%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   813708      8.14%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  587923      5.88%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136730      1.37%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22646      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9992811                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   125                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        73095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           78245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        73095                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5150                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          78245                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7265                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    423386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    423386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        85510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        85510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.273445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58213.691619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58277.494838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.273445                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58213.691619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58277.494838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57408000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57408000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.273445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56213.691619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56277.494838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.273445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56213.691619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56277.494838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        73095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          78245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    423386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        85510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58671.273445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58213.691619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58277.494838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56671.273445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56213.691619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56277.494838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9456                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5516.794587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   967.958068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4548.836519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.034705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.042090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.055428                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           102231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          102231                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6444754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6444754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6444754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6444754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173904                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173904                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2963621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2963621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2963621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2963621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6618658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6618658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17041.706919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17041.706919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17041.706919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17041.706919                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2615813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2615813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2615813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2615813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15041.706919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15041.706919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15041.706919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15041.706919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173648                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6444754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6444754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2963621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2963621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6618658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17041.706919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17041.706919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2615813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2615813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15041.706919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15041.706919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.960561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5671450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.660612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.960561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6792562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6792562                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           64832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          400128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              464960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3216661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19852483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23069144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3216661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3216661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3216661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19852483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23069144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1013.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19706                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7265                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      45253250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                181472000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6228.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24978.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5933                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7265                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     349.069069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    219.815297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    332.883057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           373     28.00%     28.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          288     21.62%     49.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          288     21.62%     71.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      3.83%     75.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           51      3.83%     78.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      2.40%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      2.93%     84.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      2.48%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          177     13.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  464960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   464960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20132333000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2771140.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        64832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       400128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3216661.065922847018                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19852482.708933506161                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25670250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    155801750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25340.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24920.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5383560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2861430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25325580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1590688320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1334988450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6615342720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9574590060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.046444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17185200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    672880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2296981000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4126920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2193510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26546520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1590688320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1053683760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6852230880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9529469910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.807793                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17803669000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    672880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1678512000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1541984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1541984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1542005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1542005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24469                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24469                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    760848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    760848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    766608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    766608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1566375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1566375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1566474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1566474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31193.800992                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31193.800992                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31329.764191                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31329.764191                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14794                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14794                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    712068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    712068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    717672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29193.882990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29193.882990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29329.845928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29329.845928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24212                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       955184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          955184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18781.734039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18781.734039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16781.922932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16781.922932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         597388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             597388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561987000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    561987000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       611191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         611191                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40714.844599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40714.844599                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534381000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534381000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38714.844599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38714.844599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.661690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1524339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.957996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.661690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1590942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1590942                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         74108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             85511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            85511                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1020812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499674000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1520486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1020812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499674000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1520486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13774.653209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43819.521179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17781.174352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13774.653209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43819.521179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17781.174352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9456                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9456                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    872596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476870000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    872596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476870000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11774.653209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41819.696571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15781.197741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11774.653209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41819.696571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15781.197741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91300                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            85511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1020812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    499674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1520486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13774.653209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43819.521179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17781.174352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    872596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476870000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11774.653209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41819.696571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15781.197741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14794                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.889456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 207497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.272694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.700579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.913354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.275523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.167384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.402175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               304979                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              304979                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198373                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198372                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14794                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        63731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  411539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2512768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11129856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13642624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           869520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            272343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           122340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20155061000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24155323000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114878                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   229905                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              462482611                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12007877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024155                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24155323000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1342716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12007877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1149196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7939571                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24155312                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24155312                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7726775                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3838703                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1012696                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 629064                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        629064                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               938342                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              491537                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      182208                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11557316                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11557316                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22366541                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9571377                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1143352                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     730514                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                112992      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9487521     79.01%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7061      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95722      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8386      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5458      0.05%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   122436      1.02%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   102774      0.86%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  118253      0.98%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6155      0.05%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30610      0.25%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12244      0.10%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              18366      0.15%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6122      0.05%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   977335      8.14%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  703153      5.86%     98.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              166017      1.38%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27361      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12007966                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   136                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        88527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           94971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        88527                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6444                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          94971                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    458622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    458622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        89541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       102857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        89541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       102857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.500986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58079.452852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58156.479838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.500986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58079.452852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58156.479838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    442850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    442850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56678.500986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56079.452852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56156.479838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56678.500986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56079.452852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56156.479838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        88527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          94971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    458622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        89541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       102857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58678.500986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58079.452852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58156.479838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.516071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56678.500986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56079.452852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56156.479838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10857                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5855.422280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   975.510132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4879.912148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.037231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.044673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.060165                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7729494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7729494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7729494                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7729494                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         210077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             210077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        210077                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            210077                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3568263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3568263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3568263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3568263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7939571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7939571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16985.500555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16985.500555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16985.500555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16985.500555                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        210077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       210077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3148111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3148111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14985.510075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14985.510075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14985.510075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14985.510075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     209820                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7729494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7729494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        210077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            210077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3568263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3568263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7939571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16985.500555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16985.500555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       210077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3148111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14985.510075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14985.510075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.132698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6806465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                209820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.439543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.132698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8149647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8149647                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       504704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       504704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  504704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41776750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           64896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          439808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              504704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        64896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          64896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2686613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18207498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20894111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2686613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2686613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2686613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18207498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20894111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1014.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6872.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21976                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      48174750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                196037250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6108.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24858.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6457                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     353.186844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    222.302386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    334.911974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           395     27.64%     27.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          313     21.90%     49.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          298     20.85%     70.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      4.06%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           58      4.06%     78.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      2.38%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      2.94%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           38      2.66%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          193     13.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  504704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   504704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24085553000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3054216.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        64896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       439808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2686612.801658665761                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18207498.198223225772                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6872                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25702750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    170334500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25347.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24786.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5390700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2865225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25332720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1906613280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1395468870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8100512640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11436183435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         473.443615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21045747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    806520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2303055500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4812360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2557830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30973320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1906613280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1286536170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8192245440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11423738400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.928406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21285107750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    806520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2063695250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1851180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1851180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1851206                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1851206                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          29180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              29180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         29258                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             29258                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    874804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    874804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    880564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    880564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1880360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1880360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1880464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1880464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29979.575051                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29979.575051                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30096.520610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30096.520610                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17279                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    816444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    822048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27979.575051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27979.575051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28096.520610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28096.520610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      29002                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1135945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1135945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1149092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1149092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18400.243402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18400.243402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16400.243402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16400.243402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         715235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             715235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16033                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632896000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    632896000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731268                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39474.583671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39474.583671                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    600830000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    600830000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37474.583671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37474.583671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.883322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1869634                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 29002                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.465692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.883322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1909722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1909722                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          120535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              136477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         120535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15942                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             136477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         89542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            102858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           102858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1221505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1779991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1221505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1779991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          239335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         239335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.429766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.429766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13641.698868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41940.973265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17305.323845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13641.698868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41940.973265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17305.323845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10857                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10857                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       102858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11641.721203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39940.973265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15305.343289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11641.721203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39940.973265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15305.343289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    109810                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         120535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             136477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           102858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1221505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1779991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       210077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         239335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.429766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13641.698868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41940.973265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17305.323845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    531854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11641.721203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39940.973265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15305.343289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17279                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.238974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 251518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               109810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.290484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.162603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.925565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   210.150806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.406105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.410451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               366936                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              366936                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               239335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              239334                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17279                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       420153                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  495948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13444864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16423232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1050380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            325730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           146290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24155323000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28159573000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124126                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34322728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              499333358                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14024500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28159573000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1567822                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14024500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1342186                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      851698                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9260781                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28159573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28159573                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9034710                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4478714                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1181698                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 738211                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        738211                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1101453                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              576928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      213385                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13495745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13495745                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26118437                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11179032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1335346                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186059                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     850713                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                132739      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11079812     79.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8150      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    112024      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9808      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     6946      0.05%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   144016      1.03%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   121488      0.87%     82.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  139012      0.99%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   7175      0.05%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35170      0.25%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               14068      0.10%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              21102      0.15%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               7034      0.05%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1140622      8.13%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  818742      5.84%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              194724      1.39%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31971      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14024603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   144                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       103887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          111733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       103887                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7846                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         111733                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8522                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    496115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    496115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       120255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       120255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58686.332350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58152.031979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58215.794414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58686.332350                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58152.031979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58215.794414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    479071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    479071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56686.332350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56152.031979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56215.794414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56686.332350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56152.031979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56215.794414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       103887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         111733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    496115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       120255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070866                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58686.332350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58152.031979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58215.794414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    479071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56686.332350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56152.031979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56215.794414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6186.966956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             132591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            15.558672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   981.245957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5205.720999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.007486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.039716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.047203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.065018                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           141113                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          141113                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9014384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9014384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9014384                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9014384                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         246397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             246397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        246397                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            246397                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4174967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4174967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4174967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4174967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9260781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9260781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.065877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16944.065877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.065877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16944.065877                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        246397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3682173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682173000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3682173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682173000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14944.065877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14944.065877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14944.065877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14944.065877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     246141                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9014384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9014384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        246397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            246397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4174967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4174967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9260781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.065877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16944.065877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3682173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682173000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14944.065877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14944.065877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9260781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                246397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.584796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9507178                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9507178                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45138500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          480320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              545408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        65088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          65088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2311399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17057077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19368476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2311399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2311399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2311399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17057077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19368476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1017.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7505.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24276                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8522                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8522                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52573000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    42610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                212360500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6169.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24919.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6992                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  82.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8522                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     356.475817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    225.338129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    335.153631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           411     26.86%     26.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          340     22.22%     49.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          320     20.92%     70.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           61      3.99%     73.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      3.99%     77.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      2.75%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      3.14%     83.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           41      2.68%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          206     13.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  545408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   545408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28081028000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3295121.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        65088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       480320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2311398.684916138649                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17057076.824282810092                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7505                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25786500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    186574000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25355.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24859.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     82.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6090420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3237135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29830920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2222538240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1647776520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9425675040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13335148275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         473.556480                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24488436750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    940160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2730976250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4833780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2569215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31016160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2222538240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1347318120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9678692640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13286968155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.845513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25148968750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    940160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2070444250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2159713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2159713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2159742                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2159742                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    991213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    991213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    996973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2193674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2193674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2193781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2193781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29186.802509                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29186.802509                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29289.138929                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29289.138929                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    923291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    928895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    928895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27186.802509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27186.802509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27289.138929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27289.138929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33783                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1326331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1326331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1342079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1342079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18168.529337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18168.529337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254622000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254622000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16168.529337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16168.529337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         833382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             833382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    705095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    705095000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       851595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         851595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38713.830780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38713.830780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    668669000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36713.830780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36713.830780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.042112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2193781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 34039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.449044                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.042112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2227820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2227820                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          141493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              160181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         141493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             160181                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        104904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            120255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           120255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1421402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2042386000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1421402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2042386000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       246397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          280436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       246397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         280436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425752                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.428814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425752                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.428814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13549.550065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40452.348381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16983.792774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13549.550065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40452.348381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16983.792774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       120255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1211594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1211594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425752                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425752                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11549.550065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38452.348381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14983.792774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11549.550065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38452.348381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14983.792774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    128306                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         141493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             160181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           120255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1421402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620984000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2042386000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       246397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         280436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.428814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13549.550065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40452.348381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16983.792774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1211594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    590282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11549.550065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38452.348381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14983.792774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.489389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 300133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               128818                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.329900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.187962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.751000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.550428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.405764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               428951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              428951                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               280436                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              280436                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       492794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  580569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15769408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19208512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1231985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            378921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28159573000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
