
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18037222000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  39655                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34215208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    71839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              715254910                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018037                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18037222000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         96260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18037211                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18037211                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1857322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1857322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        447086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1409874     75.81%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.01%     75.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.05%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.02%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.02%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200599     10.79%     86.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  245995     13.23%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.02%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1859740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        193409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       193409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11791837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11829134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11791837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11829134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61165.421763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.238619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61165.421763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.238619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       191477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           191477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11406265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11442316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11406265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11442316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59165.421763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59161.238619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59165.421763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59161.238619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                191517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       193409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11791837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11829134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61165.421763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61161.238619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11406265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11442316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59165.421763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59161.238619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1874.520334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             382998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           191517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   587.225016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1287.295318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.078570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.114412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           579436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          579436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.345044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.345044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       191477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24632704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24632704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24632704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1150794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1023784750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12254528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12254528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           192786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               193409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        191477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              191477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2210540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684046801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              686257341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2210540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2210540                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       679402183                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             679402183                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       679402183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2210540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684046801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1365659523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    191477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    192786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023379250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11966                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11966                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               570958                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              179497                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       193409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      191477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     193409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    191477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1763478250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5389897000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9117.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27867.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    166812                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   165241                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 193409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                191477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   193408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        52806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.378518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    445.782812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.522905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126      0.24%      0.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2362      4.47%      4.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4546      8.61%     13.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2320      4.39%     17.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43428     82.24%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         52806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.163129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.006672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      17.817123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           11965     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000251                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027425                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11965     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12378176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12253376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12378176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12254528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        686.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        679.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     686.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     679.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18037178000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46863.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12338304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12253376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2210539.960089197848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684046800.554985761642                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 679338314.957813382149                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       192786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       191477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5373362250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 440355937000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27872.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299785.02                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             188581680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             100203180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            690266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           499731480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1423506240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7527968910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         586951200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11017209330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.804110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1464239000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    602160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15970823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             188517420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             100195590                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            690673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           499684500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1423506240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7523279520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         590900160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11016757050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.779035                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1474562750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    602160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15960499250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15071155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15071155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15071155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15071155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.483490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.483488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78123.697606                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78123.697606                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78123.697606                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78123.697606                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14685329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14685329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14685329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14685329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76123.707974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76123.707974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76123.707974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76123.707974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15057763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15057763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.972900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78149.476591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78149.476591                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14672407000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14672407000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76149.486971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76149.486971                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.570483                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.035029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.570483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.724885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13912626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13957972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13912626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13957972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72161.671802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72129.376321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72161.671802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72129.376321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13527032000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13570948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13527032000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13570948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70161.682175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70129.386656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70161.682175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70129.386656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13912626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13957972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72161.671802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72129.376321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13527032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13570948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70161.682175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70129.386656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              441.873897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.941180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.200389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.732328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.529688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.863035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18037222000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36575949000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  44712                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    80741                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              817690815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036576                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36575949000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3611614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        196260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36575938                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36575938                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3707322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3707322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6822504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2810106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        897086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2809874     75.74%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.03%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400599     10.80%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  495995     13.37%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3709740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        393409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       393409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24030564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24067861000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24030564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24067861000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61179.787467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61177.708187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61179.787467                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61177.708187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       391477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           391477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23244992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23281043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23244992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23281043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59179.787467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59177.708187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59179.787467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59177.708187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                391517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       393409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24030564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24067861000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61179.787467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61177.708187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23244992000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23281043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59179.787467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59177.708187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1883.380002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             782998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           391517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   588.631533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1294.748469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.079025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.114952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1179436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1179436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.677012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.677012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       391477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1178295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1178295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1178295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2350794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2082453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     25054528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         25054528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           392786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               393409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        391477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              391477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1090115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          687290547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688380662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1090115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1090115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       685000080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             685000080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       685000080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1090115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         687290547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1373380743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    391477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    392786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023379250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24466                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24466                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1163220                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              366997                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       393409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      391477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     393409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    391477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3593537000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10969955750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9134.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27884.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    339431                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   337860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 393409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                391477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   393408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       107568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.937974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.017981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.306097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126      0.12%      0.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4743      4.41%      4.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9308      8.65%     13.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4701      4.37%     17.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        88666     82.43%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        107568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.079784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003263                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      12.460361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           24465    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.019180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24465    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25178176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 25053376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25178176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              25054528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        688.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        684.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     688.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     685.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36575905000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46600.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25138304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     25053376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1090115.255792816170                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 687290547.129754543304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 684968584.137078642845                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       392786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       391477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10953421000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 900296779000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27886.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299743.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             384046320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             204121665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1404052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1021668840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2886964080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15287091630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1171824480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22359769455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.324383                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2921219500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1221220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32433509500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             384053460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             204098895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1404887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1021747140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2886964080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15283105050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1175181600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22360038045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.331726                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2929999250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1221220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32424729750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               406089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              406091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             392914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            392914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30709882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30709882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30709882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30709882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           799003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          799005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.491755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.491754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78159.296945                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78159.296945                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78159.296945                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78159.296945                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        392914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29924056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29924056000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29924056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29924056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76159.302036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76159.302036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76159.302036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76159.302036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           392679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30696490000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30696490000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         398046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.986517                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78171.967434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78171.967434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       392679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29911134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29911134000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76171.972527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76171.972527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.788186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                392727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.017190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.788186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.725735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.725735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1191918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1191918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        392798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            393513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           393513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28351353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28396699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28351353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28396699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          393671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         393671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72177.946425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.035308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72177.946425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.035308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27565759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27609675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27565759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27609675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70177.951517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.040390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70177.951517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.040390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           393513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28351353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28396699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         393671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72177.946425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.035308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27565759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27609675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70177.951517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.040390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.444669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 785696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               393124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.970993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.605676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.867999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1179870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1179870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               393671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1178459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1179973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2356831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36575949000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                55114654000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  49131                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    88627                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              902617590                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.055115                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55114654000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            601594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5411614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      600959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      746172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        296260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3751628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         55114643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   55114643                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2394611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       599499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5557322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5557322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10222504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4210106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      600915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1347086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4209874     75.72%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.02%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   600599     10.80%     86.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  745995     13.42%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5559740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        593409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       593409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36269269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  36306566000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36269269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  36306566000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       593512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       593512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61184.422372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.039017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61184.422372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.039017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       591477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           591477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35083697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35119748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35083697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35119748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59184.422372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.039017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59184.422372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.039017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                591517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       593409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36269269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36306566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       593512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61184.422372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61183.039017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35083697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35119748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59184.422372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59183.039017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1886.279478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1182998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           591517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.091839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1297.187639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.079174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.115129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1779436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1779436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3750871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3750871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3751628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3750871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3751628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.785654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.785654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3752385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3752385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              593409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             593409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       591477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1778295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1778295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1778295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75832704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75832704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75832704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3550794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3141120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37938304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37978176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37854528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37854528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           592786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               593409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        591477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              591477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             723437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688352394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689075831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        723437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            723437                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       686832362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             686832362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       686832362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            723437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688352394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1375908193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    591477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    592786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023379250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36966                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36966                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1755482                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              554497                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       593409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      591477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     593409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    591477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              37150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              37063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              37093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              37049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              37115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              37071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              37073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              37119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              37042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             37095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             37067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             37102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             37088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             37143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             37082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              36960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              36968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5423574500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16549993250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9139.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27889.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    512050                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   510479                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 593409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                591477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   593408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       162330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.119966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.420519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.906589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126      0.08%      0.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7124      4.39%      4.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14070      8.67%     13.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7082      4.36%     17.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       133904     82.49%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        162330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.052805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      10.137033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           36965    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             36965    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37978176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37853376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37978176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37854528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        686.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     686.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    55114610000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46514.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37938304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37853376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 723437.363863338483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688352393.539474964142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 686811460.342289328575                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       592786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       591477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16533458500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1360237943000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27891.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299730.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             579589500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             308028765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2118266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1543731480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4350421920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23047567530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1755549600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33703155435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.509880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4375207000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1840280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  48899167000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             579510960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             308013585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2118673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1543684500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4350421920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23041556310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1760611680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33702472575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.497490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4388429500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1840280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48885944500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               606089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              606091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             592914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            592914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46348587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46348587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46348587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46348587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1199003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1199005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.494506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.494505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78170.842652                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78170.842652                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78170.842652                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78170.842652                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                592632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        592914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45162761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45162761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45162761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45162761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76170.846025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76170.846025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76170.846025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76170.846025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     592727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              600722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          600957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           592679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46335195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46335195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         598046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.991026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.242052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.242052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       592679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45149839000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45149839000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.245426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.245426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.859433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  599478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                592727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.011390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.859433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1791918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1791918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        592798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            593513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           593513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42790058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42835404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42790058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42835404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          593671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         593671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.202372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72172.646597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.202372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72172.646597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               592515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41604464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41648380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41604464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41648380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.205746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70172.649967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.205746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70172.649967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    593124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           593513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42790058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42835404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         593671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72183.202372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72172.646597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41604464000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41648380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70183.205746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70172.649967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.631463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1185696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               593124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.980750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.738313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.912400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1779870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1779870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               593671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              593670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        592632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1778459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1779973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     75874880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 75923328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3556831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  55114654000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                73653310000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  59881                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34224512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   107959                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1102605032                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.073653                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73653310000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            801594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7211614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      800959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      996172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        396260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5001628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         73653299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   73653299                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3194611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       799499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7407322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7407322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13622504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      800915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1797086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     996171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5609874     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   800599     10.80%     86.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  995995     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7409740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        793409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       793409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48507925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  48545222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48507925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  48545222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       793512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       793512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61186.656929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61185.620531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61186.656929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61185.620531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       791477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           791477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46922353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46958404000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46922353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46958404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59186.656929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59185.620531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59186.656929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59185.620531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                791517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       793409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48507925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48545222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       793512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61186.656929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61185.620531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46922353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46958404000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59186.656929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59185.620531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1887.719342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1582998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           791517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.320424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1298.398918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.079248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.115217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2379436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2379436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5000871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5000871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5001628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5000871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5001628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.839605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.839605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5002385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5002385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              793409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             793409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       791477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2378295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2378295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2378295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    101432704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    101432704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               101432704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4750794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4199788750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        50738304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            50778176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     50654528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         50654528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           792786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               793409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        791477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              791477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             541347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688880160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689421507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        541347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            541347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       687742723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             687742723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       687742723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            541347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688880160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377164231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    791477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    792786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023379250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49466                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49466                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2347744                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              741997                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       793409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      791477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     793409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    791477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              49654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              49567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              49597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              49619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              49575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              49577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              49621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              49553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              49538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             49591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             49563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             49598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             49584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             49639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             49580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              49464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              49464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              49465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              49464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             49464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             49465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             49465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7253562250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              22129981000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9142.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27892.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    684669                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   683098                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 793409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                791477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   793408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       217094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.210554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.620663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.707560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126      0.06%      0.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9505      4.38%      4.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18832      8.67%     13.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9463      4.36%     17.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       179144     82.52%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        217094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.039461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       8.763119                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           49465    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49465    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                50778176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 50653376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 50778176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              50654528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        687.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     687.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    73653266000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46472.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     50738304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     50653376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 541347.021607039846                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688880160.307798743248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 687727082.462417483330                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       792786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       791477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  22113446250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1820175125000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27893.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299719.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             775032720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             411939660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2832052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2065668840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5813879760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       30805011600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2341808640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45045393660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.586820                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5835795250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2459340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65358174750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             775068420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             411932070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2832887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2065747140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5813879760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30802593660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2343844800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45045953670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.594424                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5841136750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2459340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65352833250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               806089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              806091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             792914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            792914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61987243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61987243000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61987243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61987243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1599003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1599005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78176.502118                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78176.502118                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78176.502118                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78176.502118                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                792632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        792914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       792914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60401417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60401417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60401417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60401417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76176.504640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76176.504640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76176.504640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76176.504640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     792727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              800722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          800957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           792679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61973851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61973851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         798046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.993275                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.783952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.783952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       792679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60388495000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60388495000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993275                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.786475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.786475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.894814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  799478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                792727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.008516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.894814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2391918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2391918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        792798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            793513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           793513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57228714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57274060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57228714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57274060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          793671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         793671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72185.744666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72177.847118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72185.744666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72177.847118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               792515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55643120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55687036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55643120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55687036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70185.747189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70177.849638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70185.747189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70177.849638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    793124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           793513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57228714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57274060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         793671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72185.744666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72177.847118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55643120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55687036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70185.747189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70177.849638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.724225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1585696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               793124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.985595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.804180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.934449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2379870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2379870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               793671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              793670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        792632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2378459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2379973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    101474880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                101523328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4756831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  73653310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92192024000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69423                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34226888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   125123                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    72.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1280049644                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092192                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92192024000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1001594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9011614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1000959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1246172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        496260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6251628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92192013                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92192013                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3994611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       999499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9257322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9257322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17022504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7010106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1000915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2247086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1246171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7009874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000599     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1245995     13.46%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9259740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        993409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       993409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60746639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  60783936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60746639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  60783936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       993512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       993512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.049590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61187.220973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.049590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61187.220973                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       991477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           991477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58761067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58797118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58761067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58797118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.049590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59187.220973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.049590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59187.220973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                991517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       993409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60746639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60783936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       993512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.049590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61187.220973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58761067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58797118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.049590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59187.220973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1888.580131                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1982998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           991517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.457079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1299.123052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.079292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.115270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2979436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2979436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6250871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6250871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6251628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6250871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6251628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.871859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.871859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6252385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6252385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              993409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             993409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       991477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2978295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2978295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2978295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    127032704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    127032704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               127032704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5950794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5258457750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        63538304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            63578176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     63454528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         63454528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           992786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               993409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        991477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              991477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             432489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689195239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689627727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        432489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            432489                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688286527                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688286527                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688286527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            432489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689195239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377914254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    991477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    992786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023379250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         61966                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         61966                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2940006                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              929497                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       993409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      991477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     993409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    991477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              62150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              62063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              62093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              62049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              62115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              62071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              62073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              62119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              62057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              62042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             62095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             62067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             62102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             62088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             62143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             62082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              61960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              61960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              61960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              61968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              61970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              61971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              61968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              61968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              61969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              61968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             61968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             61969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             61970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             61966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             61963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             61961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    9083607250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              27710026000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9143.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27893.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    857288                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   855717                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 993409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                991477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   993408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   61967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   61967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   61966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       271856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.264316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.739773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.588813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126      0.05%      0.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11886      4.37%      4.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23594      8.68%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11844      4.36%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       224382     82.54%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        271856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        61966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.031501                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001288                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.829524                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           61965    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          61966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        61966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000044                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             61965    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          61966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                63578176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 63453376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 63578176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              63454528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92191980000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46446.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     63538304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     63453376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 432488.606606575893                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689195238.841919779778                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688274031.167815566063                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       992786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       991477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  27693491250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2280114601000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27894.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299715.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             970597320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             515858145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3546266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2587731480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7277337600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       38566430280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2924743680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56388965145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.646894                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7287726500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3078400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  81825897500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             970504500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             515835375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3546673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2587684500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7277337600.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       38560615140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2929640640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56388291375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.639586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7300517750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3078400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  81813106250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1006089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1006091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             992914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            992914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77625957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77625957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77625957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77625957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1999003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1999005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.496705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.496704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.940055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.940055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78179.940055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78179.940055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                992632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        992914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       992914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75640131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75640131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75640131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75640131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.942070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.942070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76179.942070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76179.942070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     992727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1000722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1000957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           992679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77612565000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77612565000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         998046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.994622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78184.957071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78184.957071                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       992679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75627209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75627209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994622                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76184.959085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.959085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.915966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  999478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                992727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.915966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2991918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2991918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        992798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            993513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           993513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71667428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71712774000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71667428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71712774000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          993671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         993671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72187.321086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.012226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72187.321086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.012226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               992515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69681834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69725750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69681834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69725750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70187.323101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.014239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70187.323101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.014239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    993124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           993513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71667428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71712774000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         993671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72187.321086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72181.012226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69681834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69725750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70187.323101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70181.014239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.779680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1985696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               993124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.988492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.843557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.947630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2979870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2979870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               993671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              993670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        992632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2979973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    127074880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                127123328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5956831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92192024000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110730751000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  77912                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34231328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   140391                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    77.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1437863497                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110731                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110730751000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1201594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10811614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1200959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1496172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        596260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7501628                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        110730740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  110730740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4794611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1199499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11107322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11107322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20422504                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8410106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1200915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2697086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1496171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8409874     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1200599     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11109740                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1193409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1193409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72985366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  73022663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72985366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  73022663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.986122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.295882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.986122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.295882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1191477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1191477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70599794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70635845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70599794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70635845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.986122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.295882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.986122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.295882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1191517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1193409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72985366000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73022663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61188.986122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.295882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70599794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70635845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59188.986122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59188.295882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1889.152691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2382998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1191517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.547976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1299.604716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.079322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.115305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          3579436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         3579436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7500871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7500871                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7501628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7500871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7501628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.893312                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   33715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.107843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.893312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7502385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7502385                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1193409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1191477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3578295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    152632704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    152632704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               152632704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7150794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6317125500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        76338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            76378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     76254528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         76254528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1192786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1193409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1191477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1191477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             360081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689404735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689764815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        360081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            360081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688648161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688648161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688648161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            360081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689404735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378412976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1191477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1192786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023379250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         74466                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         74466                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3532268                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1116997                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1193409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1191477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1193409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1191477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              74654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              74567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              74597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              74619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              74575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              74577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              74621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              74553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              74538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             74591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             74563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             74598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             74584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             74639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             74580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              74464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              74464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              74472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              74474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              74471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              74464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              74464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              74465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              74464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             74464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             74465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             74466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             74466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             74467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             74465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   10913666500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              33290085250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9144.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27894.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1029907                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1028336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1193409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1191477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1193408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   74467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   74466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       326618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.300051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.818959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.509796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14267      4.37%      4.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28356      8.68%     13.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14225      4.36%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       269620     82.55%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        326618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.026213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       7.142218                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           74465    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          74466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             74465    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          74466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                76378176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 76253376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 76378176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              76254528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   110730707000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46430.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     76338304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76253376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 360080.642819807108                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689404734.552915692329                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688637757.003923892975                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1192786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1191477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  33273550500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2740055436000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27895.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299713.24                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1166033400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             619761450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4260052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3109668840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8740795440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       46325160270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3509947200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         67731419040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.676688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8745565000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3697460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98287726000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1166069100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             619753860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4260887820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3109747140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8740795440.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       46321481490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3513045120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         67731779970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.679948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8753672750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3697460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98279618250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1206089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1206091                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1192914                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93264684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93264684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93264684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93264684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2399003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2399005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.236104                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.236104                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78182.236104                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78182.236104                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1192632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90878858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90878858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90878858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90878858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76182.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76182.237781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1192727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1200722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1200957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1192679                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93251292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  93251292000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1198046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995520                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78186.412270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78186.412270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1192679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90865936000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90865936000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995520                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76186.413947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76186.413947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.930035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1199478                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1192727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.005660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.930035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3591918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3591918                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1193513                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86106155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  86151501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86106155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  86151501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1193671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72188.379759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.127457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72188.379759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.127457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1192515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83720561000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83764477000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83720561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83764477000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70188.381436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.129132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70188.381436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.129132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1193124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1193513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86106155000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86151501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1193671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72188.379759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72183.127457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83720561000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83764477000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70188.381436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70183.129132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.816566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2385696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1193124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.990419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.869749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.956398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3579870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3579870                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1193671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1193670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1192632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3578459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3579973                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    152674880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                152723328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           7156831000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          5964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 110730751000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               129269439000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85023                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34233836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   153182                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    82.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1570123961                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.129269                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                129269439000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1401594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12611612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1400958                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1746171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        696260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8751627                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        129269439                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  129269439                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7012108                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5594611                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1399499                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1306                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12957320                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12957320                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23822496                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9810104                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1400914                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3147085                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1746171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9809873     75.69%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1400598     10.81%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1745995     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12959738                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    28                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1393409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1393409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85224071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  85261368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85224071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  85261368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61189.637891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61189.046432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61189.637891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61189.046432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1391477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1391477                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82438499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82474550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82438499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  82474550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59189.637891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59189.046432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59189.637891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59189.046432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1391517                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1393409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85224071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85261368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59866.773676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61189.637891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61189.046432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82438499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82474550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57866.773676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59189.637891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59189.046432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1889.561027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2786027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1393409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.612801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1299.948226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.035987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.079343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.115330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1892                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.115479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          4179436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         4179436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8750870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8750870                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8751627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8750870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8751627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66426.684280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64426.684280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.908613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8751627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11560.933950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.908613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8752384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8752384                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1393409                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1391477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4178295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4178295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4178295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    178232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    178232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               178232704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8350794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7375793000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        89138304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            89178176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     89054528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         89054528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1392786                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1393409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1391477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1391477                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             308441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689554350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689862791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        308441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            308441                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       688906277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             688906277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       688906277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            308441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689554350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1378769069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1391477.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1392786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023379250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         86966                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         86966                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4124530                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1304497                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1393409                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1391477                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1393409                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1391477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              87150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              87063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              87093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              87049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              87115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              87071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              87073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              87119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              87057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              87042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             87095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             87067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             87102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             87088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             87143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             87082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              86960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              86960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              86960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              86968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              86970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              86971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              86968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              86968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              86969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              86968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             86968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             86969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             86970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             86966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             86963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             86961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   12743704000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  6967045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              38870122750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9145.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27895.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1202526                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1200955                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1393409                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1391477                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1393408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   86967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   86967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   86966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       381380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.325523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.875413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.453427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           126      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16648      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33118      8.68%     13.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16606      4.35%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       314858     82.56%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        381380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        86966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.022446                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       6.609025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           86965    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          86966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        86966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             86965    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          86966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                89178176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 89053376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 89178176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              89054528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        688.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     688.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   129269412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46418.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     89138304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     89053376                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 308441.038411251968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689554350.119829893112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 688897365.757114410400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1392786                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1391477                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16534750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  38853588000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3199996816000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26540.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27896.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299712.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1361598000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             723679935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4974266640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3631731480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      10204253280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       54085275930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4093969440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         79074774705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.705097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10200329500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   4316520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 114752589500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1361505180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             723657165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4974673620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3631684500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      10204253280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       54080448600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4098034560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         79074256905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.701091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10210952000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   4316520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114741967000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1406088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1406090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1392913                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108903389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108903389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108903389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108903389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2799001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2799003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78183.913137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78183.913137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78183.913137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78183.913137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1392632                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1392913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106117563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106117563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106117563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106117563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76183.913137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76183.913137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76183.913137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76183.913137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1392727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1400721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1400956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5367                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1392678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108889997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108889997000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1398045                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.996161                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78187.489858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78187.489858                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1392678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106104641000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106104641000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996161                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76187.489858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.489858                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.940069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2799003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1392913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.009460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.940069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4191916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4191916                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1393512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100544860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 100590206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100544860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 100590206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1393670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72189.170425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.671535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72189.170425                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.671535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1392515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97759266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97803182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97759266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97803182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70189.170425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.671535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70189.170425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.671535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1393124                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1393512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100544860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100590206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1393670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63420.979021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72189.170425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72184.671535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97759266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97803182000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61420.979021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70189.170425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70184.671535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392632                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.842873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2786302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1393567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.991793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.888429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.962651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.531032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4179869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4179869                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1393670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1392632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4178458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 4179972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    178274880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                178323328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           8356830000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          6964565000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 129269439000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
