
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4165046000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95743                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34221892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   187380                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              398763689                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1957157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004165                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4165046000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1957157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183755                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1330404                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4165035                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4165035                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243314                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              640821                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167670                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84075                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84075                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               125488                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65671                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1896342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1896342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3666946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1559945                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182942                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313440                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130498                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15396      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1556163     79.51%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1609      0.08%     80.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12886      0.66%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1125      0.06%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      506      0.03%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16697      0.85%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13394      0.68%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15714      0.80%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    827      0.04%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4280      0.22%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1712      0.09%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2568      0.13%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                856      0.04%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160903      8.22%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126794      6.48%     98.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22039      1.13%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3704      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1957173                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11444                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          802                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12246                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1059                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3778                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4837                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    283744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    283744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.283147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.283147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60237.016053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58219.428269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58661.153608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60237.016053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58219.428269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58661.153608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          244                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              244                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58237.016053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56219.428269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56661.153608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58237.016053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56219.428269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56661.153608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   578                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     63791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    283744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60237.016053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58219.428269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58661.153608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     61673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274070000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.084700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58237.016053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56219.428269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56661.153608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3449.204272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.057093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     6.001941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   706.730054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2736.472276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.043135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.167021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.210523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4047                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.261047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25887                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1302046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1302046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1302046                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1302046                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28358                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28358                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    537264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    537264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    537264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    537264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1330404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1330404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18945.764864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18945.764864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18945.764864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18945.764864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    480548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    480548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    480548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    480548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16945.764864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16945.764864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16945.764864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16945.764864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28102                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1302046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1302046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    537264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    537264000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1330404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18945.764864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18945.764864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    480548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    480548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16945.764864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16945.764864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.970810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1126697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.093125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.970810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1358762                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1358762                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       325184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       325184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  325184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6057000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25679750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           67776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          241792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              309568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        67776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          67776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        15616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            15616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 244                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16272569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58052660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               74325230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16272569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16272569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3749298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3749298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3749298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16272569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58052660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78074528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       243.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1059.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3778.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002128998500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10977                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 204                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4837                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         244                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4837                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       244                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      31934500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    24185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                122628250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6602.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25352.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      177                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4837                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   244                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     308.925430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    193.955222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    313.607685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           345     32.98%     32.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          206     19.69%     52.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          258     24.67%     77.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           44      4.21%     81.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           21      2.01%     83.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      1.53%     85.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.72%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.24%     88.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          125     11.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      340.692308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.903881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1066.057877                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             11     84.62%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.692308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.668040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.947331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     61.54%     61.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      7.69%     69.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 4     30.77%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  309568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    13888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   309568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 15616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         74.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      74.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4164551000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      819632.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        67776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       241792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        13888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16272569.378585493192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58052660.162696875632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3334416.954818746075                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1059                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3778                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          244                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     28491000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     94137250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  19704317750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26903.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24917.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  80755400.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4241160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2254230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16843260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              459360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         768040800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         952606560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2072663130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.632710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2468696500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1557509500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3234420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1715340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17692920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              673380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         491854140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1185184800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2028572760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.046904                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3075783000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    950423000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307397                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307397                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6949                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6949                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    329603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    335347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47963.183935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47963.183935                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48258.310548                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48258.310548                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5018                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321451000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45963.474971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45963.474971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46258.598359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46258.598359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6692                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     54864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54864000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26671.852212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26671.852212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24672.824502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24672.824502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4815                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274739000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274739000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036871                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57058.982347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57058.982347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4815                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265109000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036871                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55058.982347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55058.982347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.544663                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  293179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.810371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.544663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321294                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321294                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17084                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    496149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    496149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17932.656163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.929710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29041.734957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17932.656163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.929710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29041.734957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199206000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    461983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199206000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    461983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15932.656163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57362.366296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27041.852025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15932.656163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57362.366296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27041.852025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18735                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    224212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    496149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17932.656163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59361.929710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29041.734957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199206000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15932.656163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57362.366296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27041.852025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5018                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.808798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.937070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.451210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   179.511775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.845812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.350609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.482121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59572                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35307                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35306                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       765824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1814912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2580736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           141790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4165046000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8164873000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107343                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212730                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              438191320                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000099                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3963821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008165                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8164873000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443647                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000099                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3963821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376569                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      250244                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2652760                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8164862                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8164862                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2534570                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1280285                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       336773                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 192855                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        192855                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               287521                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              150668                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58852                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3825289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3825289                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7400506                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374746                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624736                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249990                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34827      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139811     79.21%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2702      0.07%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29770      0.75%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2594      0.07%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1254      0.03%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37543      0.95%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30806      0.78%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36009      0.91%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1930      0.05%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                9940      0.25%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3976      0.10%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               5964      0.15%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1988      0.05%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323814      8.17%     92.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  241562      6.09%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               50932      1.28%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8428      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3963850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        26646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        26646                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1799                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28445                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1098                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4403                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5501                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    323367000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    323367000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        33946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        33946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.039576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.162051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.039576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.162051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60645.719490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58318.873495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58783.312125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60645.719490                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58318.873495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58783.312125                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          270                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              270                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    312365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    312365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.039576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.039576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58645.719490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56318.873495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56783.312125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58645.719490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56318.873495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56783.312125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   657                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        26646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     66589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    323367000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        33946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.039576                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.162051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60645.719490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58318.873495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58783.312125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     64393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.039576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58645.719490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56318.873495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56783.312125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3984.857398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.298326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     6.243693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   727.801020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3250.812685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.044421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.198414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.243216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.297180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44706                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44706                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2588029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2588029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2588029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2588029                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          64731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              64731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         64731                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             64731                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1146776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1146776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1146776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1146776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2652760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2652760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17716.024779                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17716.024779                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17716.024779                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17716.024779                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1017314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1017314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15716.024779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15716.024779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15716.024779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15716.024779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      64475                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2588029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2588029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         64731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             64731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1146776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1146776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2652760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17716.024779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17716.024779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1017314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15716.024779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15716.024779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.434521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2279091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 64475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.348445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.434521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2717491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2717491                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          270                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       369344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       369344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  369344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6851000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29193000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           70272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          281792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              352064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        70272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          70272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        17280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            17280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8606625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34512723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               43119348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8606625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8606625                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2116383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2116383                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2116383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8606625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34512723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              45235731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       269.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1098.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4402.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011908695750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13355                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 236                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5501                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         270                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5501                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       270                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      37031000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    27500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                140156000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6732.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25482.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      201                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5501                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   270                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     314.853721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    196.823266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    318.761666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           377     32.25%     32.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          243     20.79%     53.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          272     23.27%     76.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           50      4.28%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           25      2.14%     82.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      1.80%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.54%     86.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      1.54%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          145     12.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      355.533333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      50.545552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1001.282739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     80.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.733333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.708062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.961150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      6.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  352000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    16064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   352064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 17280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      43.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8154285000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1412976.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        70272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       281728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        16064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8606624.989757955074                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34504884.521780073643                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1967452.524981098948                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1098                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4403                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          270                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     29987000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    110169000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 130760480250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27310.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25021.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 484298075.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4476780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2379465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17914260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              563760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      644142720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         868987230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2403532800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3941997015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.799551                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6239801750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    272480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1652591250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3869880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2056890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21355740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              746460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      644142720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         681043410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2561801280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3915016380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         479.495074                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6652758750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    272480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1239634250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615491                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615491                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11293                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11293                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    437371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    437371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    443115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       626697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           626697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       626784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          626784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38995.274608                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38995.274608                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39238.023554                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39238.023554                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7449                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414941000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36995.452924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36995.452924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37238.200655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37238.200655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11036                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21933.445864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21933.445864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19933.928141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19933.928141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         243146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             243146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346413000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346413000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       250215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         250215                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49004.526807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49004.526807                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    332275000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332275000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028252                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47004.526807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47004.526807                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.707019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  601033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 54.461127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.707019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                638076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               638076                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36987                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42077                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         27744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             33947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            33947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    753663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    753663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.446530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.446530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15320.970300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52974.044817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22201.166524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15320.970300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52974.044817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22201.166524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    685771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    685771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13320.970300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50974.367242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20201.225440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13320.970300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50974.367242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20201.225440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     36539                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            33947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425065000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    753663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.446530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15320.970300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52974.044817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22201.166524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    369577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    685771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13320.970300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50974.367242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20201.225440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7449                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.801288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                36539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.108761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.487918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.500299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.813071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.157203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.381837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120524                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76024                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76023                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7449                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       129462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  159496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1199424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4142784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5342208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           323655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            113269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            56460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8164873000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12157421000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110990                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              449749670                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000206                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5970866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12157421000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            668549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5970866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569608                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      369233                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3974686                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12157410                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12157410                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3827037                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1919993                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       505966                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 302450                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        302450                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               451087                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              236412                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       89331                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5754014                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5754014                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11133549                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4760397                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566773                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        935607                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     368834                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 54306      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4723491     79.11%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     3790      0.06%     80.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46815      0.78%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4065      0.07%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2018      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    58358      0.98%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48232      0.81%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56285      0.94%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3036      0.05%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               15865      0.27%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                6346      0.11%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9519      0.16%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3173      0.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486654      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  355722      5.96%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               80119      1.34%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13112      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5970906                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41731                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2825                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44556                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1160                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4986                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6146                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70135000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    360262000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70135000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    360262000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.638331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.638331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60461.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58188.327316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.312073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60461.206897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58188.327316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.312073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          291                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              291                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    347970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    347970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.638331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.638331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58461.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56188.327316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.312073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58461.206897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56188.327316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.312073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   810                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    290127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360262000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.638331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60461.206897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58188.327316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58617.312073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     67815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.638331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58461.206897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56188.327316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56617.312073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6578                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4357.493150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.983951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     8.867521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   733.287671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3615.337958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.044756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.220663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.265960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1561                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.328674                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            63475                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           63475                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3873754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3873754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3873754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3873754                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         100932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             100932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        100932                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            100932                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1754027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1754027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1754027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1754027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3974686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3974686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17378.304205                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17378.304205                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17378.304205                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17378.304205                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        100932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1552165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552165000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1552165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552165000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15378.324020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15378.324020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15378.324020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15378.324020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     100675                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3873754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3873754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        100932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            100932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1754027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1754027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3974686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17378.304205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17378.304205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1552165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1552165000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15378.324020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15378.324020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.277035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3393609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                100675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.708557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.277035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4075617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4075617                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       411968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       411968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  411968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32601750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           74240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          319104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              393344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          74240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            18624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1160                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6106558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26247672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               32354230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6106558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6106558                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1531904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1531904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1531904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6106558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26247672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              33886134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       282.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1160.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4985.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011908695750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15692                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 236                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6146                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         291                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6146                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       291                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40363500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                155582250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6568.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25318.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4928                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      201                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6146                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   291                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     323.081294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    202.535764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    321.140782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           395     31.18%     31.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          266     20.99%     52.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          285     22.49%     74.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           56      4.42%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      2.92%     82.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      1.89%     83.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      2.05%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      1.58%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          158     12.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      355.533333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      50.545552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1001.282739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     80.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      6.67%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.733333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.708062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.961150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     60.00%     60.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      6.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  393280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    16064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   393344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 18624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         32.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      32.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12067257000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1874670.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        74240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       319040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        16064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6106558.290611142293                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26242407.826462537050                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1321332.871502928203                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1160                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4986                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          291                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     31465750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124116500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 130760480250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27125.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24893.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 449348729.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5090820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2705835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22348200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              563760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      959453040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1084322400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3755336160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5829820215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.527707                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9752088000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    405860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1999473000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3955560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2102430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21527100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              746460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      959453040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         754558020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4033032480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5775375090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         475.049362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10476938000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    405860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1274623000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923159                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923159                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15642                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15642                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541766000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    541766000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    547526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    547526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       938708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           938708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       938801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          938801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34808.918016                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34808.918016                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35003.580105                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35003.580105                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    510638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32808.918016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32808.918016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33003.580105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33003.580105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15386                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    125832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20233.478051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20233.478051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    113394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18233.478051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18233.478051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         359848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             359848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    415934000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    415934000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       369193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         369193                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025312                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44508.721241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44508.721241                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397244000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    397244000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025312                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025312                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42508.721241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42508.721241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.788447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  923829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.043481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.788447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                954443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               954443                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          58040                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65871                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         42892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    625398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381698000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1007096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    625398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381698000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1007096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          116574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         116574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.434943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.434943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14580.760981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48866.726411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19862.651125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14580.760981                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48866.726411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19862.651125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6578                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    539616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    539616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    905692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12580.807610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46866.726411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17862.690571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12580.807610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46866.726411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17862.690571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54357                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50703                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    625398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381698000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         116574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.434943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14580.760981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48866.726411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19862.651125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    539616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    905692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12580.807610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46866.726411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17862.690571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.508567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 119013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.189470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.957682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   201.046481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.504404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.448251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               181330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              181330                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               116574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              116573                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       201863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  243034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1633856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6459584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8093440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           504655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            166009000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            78210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12157421000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16160498000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34222684                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226227                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              458210839                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7978712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16160498000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            893429                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7978712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762151                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      489313                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5296706                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16160487                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16160487                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5120026                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2559358                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       675054                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 410274                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        410274                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611477                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              320570                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120011                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7684719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7684719                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14870740                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6361839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758306                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1247076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     488770                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 73780      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6308810     79.07%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4885      0.06%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63580      0.80%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5530      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2864      0.04%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    79333      0.99%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65822      0.82%     82.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   76633      0.96%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4121      0.05%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               21060      0.26%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8424      0.11%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              12636      0.16%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4212      0.05%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   649693      8.14%     92.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  470918      5.90%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108613      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17852      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7978766                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    52                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        57031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           60947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        57031                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3916                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          60947                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5608                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    402494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    402494000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        67796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        67796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61023.368251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58267.475036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58766.827274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61023.368251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58267.475036                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58766.827274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          348                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              348                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59023.368251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56267.475036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56766.827274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59023.368251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56267.475036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56766.827274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   985                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        57031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          60947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     75730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326764000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    402494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        67796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61023.368251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58267.475036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58766.827274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     73248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315548000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388796000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.588828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59023.368251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56267.475036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56766.827274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7999                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4682.215325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.110660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    12.165176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   730.831467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3939.218683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.044606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.240431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.285780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5960                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.363770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            82740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           82740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5159387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5159387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5159387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5159387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137319                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137319                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2367060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2367060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2367060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2367060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5296706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5296706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17237.672864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17237.672864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17237.672864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17237.672864                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2092422000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2092422000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2092422000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2092422000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15237.672864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15237.672864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15237.672864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15237.672864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137063                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5159387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5159387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2367060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2367060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5296706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5296706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17237.672864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17237.672864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2092422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2092422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15237.672864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15237.672864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.703827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4534288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.081780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.703827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5434025                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5434025                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6849                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       460608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       460608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  460608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36332500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           79424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          358912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              438336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        79424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          79424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        22272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            22272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4914700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22209217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27123917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4914700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4914700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1378175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1378175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1378175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4914700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22209217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28502092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       339.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1241.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5606.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.022379736500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18179                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 300                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6849                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         348                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6849                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       348                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      46028250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                174409500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6722.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25472.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5486                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6849                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   348                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     321.390329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    200.581993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    321.541651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           450     31.53%     31.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          307     21.51%     53.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          308     21.58%     74.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           61      4.27%     78.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      3.15%     82.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      1.82%     83.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      2.03%     85.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      1.75%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          176     12.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      358.894737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      68.229672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     895.801125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             13     68.42%     68.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      5.26%     73.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      5.26%     78.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.26%     84.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2     10.53%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.789474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.762986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.976328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     57.89%     57.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      5.26%     63.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     36.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  438208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   438336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 22272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16115251000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2239162.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        79424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       358784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4914700.029664928094                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22201296.024417072535                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1263327.404885666445                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1241                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5608                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          348                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     34353750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    140055750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 316984659250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27682.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24974.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 910875457.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5347860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2842455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23140740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              751680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1275378000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1198490550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5196376320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7702327605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.614496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13497304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    539500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2123694000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4840920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2573010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25746840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              913500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1275378000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         966989040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5391324960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7667766270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.475865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14006109000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    539500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1614889000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231442                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231442                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19968                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19968                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    649414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    649414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    655174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    655174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1251313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1251313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1251410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1251410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32650.276521                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32650.276521                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32811.197917                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32811.197917                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    609636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    615240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    615240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30650.377074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30650.377074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30811.298077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30811.298077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19711                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19462.123958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19462.123958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17462.365591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17462.365591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         477646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             477646                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11613                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11613                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488326000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    488326000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       489259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         489259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42049.944028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42049.944028                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40049.944028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40049.944028                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.336266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1224929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.144437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.336266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1271377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1271377                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           79047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          79047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             67797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            67797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1270144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1270144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          157287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         157287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14257.001647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46127.034121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18734.516277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14257.001647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46127.034121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18734.516277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7999                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    714240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1134552000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    714240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1134552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12257.001647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44127.244094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16734.545776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12257.001647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44127.244094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16734.545776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72505                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          79047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            67797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    830784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1270144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         157287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14257.001647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46127.034121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18734.516277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    714240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1134552000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12257.001647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44127.244094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16734.545776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.373421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 165417                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.281456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.235255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   204.174093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   220.964073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.164522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.398778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.431570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               242665                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              242665                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               157287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              157286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  326934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2068992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8788416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10857408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            219092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            99835000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16160498000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20180461000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115377                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34223204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   230582                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              465668948                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9992585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020180                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20180461000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1117809                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9992585                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      955255                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611365                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6618691                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20180450                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20180450                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6421474                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199040                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       843719                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 518291                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        518291                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               772443                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              404792                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151134                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9621294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9621294                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18619630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7966205                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      950410                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1561078                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     610668                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93296      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7898033     79.04%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5978      0.06%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79458      0.80%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6953      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4092      0.04%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100966      1.01%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84230      0.84%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97456      0.98%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5118      0.05%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25455      0.25%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10182      0.10%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              15273      0.15%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5091      0.05%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   813627      8.14%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  588011      5.88%     98.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136783      1.37%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22657      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9992659                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    67                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        72824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           77927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        72824                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          77927                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1317                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6304                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7621                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367153000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    448055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367153000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    448055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        85548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        85548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61429.005315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58241.275381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58792.153261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61429.005315                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58241.275381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58792.153261                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          415                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              415                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    432813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    432813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59429.005315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56241.275381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56792.153261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59429.005315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56241.275381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56792.153261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1144                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        72824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          77927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367153000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        85548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.089084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61429.005315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58241.275381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58792.153261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59429.005315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56241.275381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56792.153261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4998.103288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.625874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.129629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   729.470733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4254.502925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.044523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.259674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.305060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6620                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.404053                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           102771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          102771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6444725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6444725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6444725                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6444725                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173966                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173966                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2985528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2985528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2985528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2985528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6618691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6618691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17161.560305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17161.560305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17161.560305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17161.560305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2637598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2637598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15161.571801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15161.571801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15161.571801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15161.571801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173709                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6444725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6444725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2985528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2985528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6618691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17161.560305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17161.560305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2637598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2637598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15161.571801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15161.571801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.962025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5671447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.649126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.962025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6792656                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6792656                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       514304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       514304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  514304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9696000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40426750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           84288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          403456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              487744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        84288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          84288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        26560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            26560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4176713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19992408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               24169121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4176713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4176713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1316125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1316125                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1316125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4176713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19992408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              25485245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6296.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.022379736500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20808                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 348                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7621                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         415                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7621                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       415                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     28                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      51576500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                194320250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6774.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25524.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6075                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      290                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7621                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   415                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     315.767614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    196.605251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    317.867174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           525     32.45%     32.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          350     21.63%     54.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          331     20.46%     74.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           76      4.70%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           51      3.15%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           34      2.10%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      2.16%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      1.85%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          186     11.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      342.363636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      78.903783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     831.939074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             14     63.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      9.09%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      9.09%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.818182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.792465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     54.55%     54.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      9.09%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     36.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  487232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    23680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   487744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 26560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         24.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      24.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20152926000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2507830.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        84288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       402944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        23680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4176713.306995315943                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19967036.431922938675                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1173412.242663832149                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1317                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6304                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          415                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     36988750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    157331500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 431188868750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28085.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24957.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1039009322.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6040440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3210570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26139540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              850860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1592532240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1415196570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6557552640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9601522860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.783128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17033950250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    673660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2472850750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5512080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2929740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28217280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1080540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1592532240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1176778680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6758325600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9565376160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.991955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17557880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    673660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1948920500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1542047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1542047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1542068                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1542068                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24478                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24478                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    764115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    764115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    769875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    769875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1566447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1566447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1566546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1566546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31316.188525                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31316.188525                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31451.711741                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31451.711741                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    715315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    715315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    720919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29316.188525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29316.188525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29451.711741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29451.711741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24222                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202049000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       955156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          955156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19075.623112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19075.623112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    180865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17075.623112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17075.623112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         597483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             597483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562066000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    562066000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       611291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         611291                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022588                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40705.822711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40705.822711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    534450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    534450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022588                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022588                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38705.822711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38705.822711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.667683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1524128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24222                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.923293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.667683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1591024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1591024                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112895                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         74142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             85549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        74142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            85549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1544937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1544937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14055.474630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44081.353555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18059.088943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14055.474630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44081.353555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18059.088943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    893819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    893819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426187                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426187                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12055.501605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42081.353555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16059.112322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12055.501605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42081.353555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16059.112322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91340                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        74142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            85549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1544937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14055.474630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44081.353555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18059.088943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    893819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    480022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12055.501605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42081.353555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16059.112322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.896637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 207538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.272148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.693401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.914231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.289006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.167370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.402176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               305094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              305094                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        63754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  411685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2513664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11133760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13647424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           869825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            272434000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           122390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20180461000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24184668000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34223204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476950560                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000097                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12007832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024185                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24184668000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1342582                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000097                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12007832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1149211                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731467                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7939771                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24184657                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24184657                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7726608                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3838596                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1012612                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 629149                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        629149                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               938469                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              491602                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      182122                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11557268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11557268                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22366952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9571337                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1143365                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873989                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     730624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                113006      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9487274     79.01%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7062      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95722      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8387      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5458      0.05%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   122452      1.02%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   102794      0.86%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  118280      0.99%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6155      0.05%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30610      0.25%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12244      0.10%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              18366      0.15%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6122      0.05%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   977328      8.14%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  703263      5.86%     98.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              166037      1.38%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27361      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12007921                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    80                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        88232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           94612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        88232                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6380                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          94612                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1350                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6938                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8288                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    486418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    486418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        89582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       102900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        89582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       102900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61374.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58166.906890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58689.430502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61374.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58166.906890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58689.430502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          436                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              436                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    469842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59374.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56166.906890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56689.430502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59374.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56166.906890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56689.430502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1216                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        88232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          94612                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8288                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        89582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       102900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.080544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61374.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58166.906890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58689.430502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    389686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.520949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59374.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56166.906890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56689.430502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5315.841742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.453125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    13.741667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   730.921974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4571.178101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.044612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.279003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.324453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5614                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.441467                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           122208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          122208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7729602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7729602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7729602                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7729602                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         210169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             210169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        210169                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            210169                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3592491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3592491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3592491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3592491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7939771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7939771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17093.343928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17093.343928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17093.343928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17093.343928                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        210169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       210169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3172155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3172155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3172155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3172155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15093.353444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15093.353444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15093.353444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15093.353444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     209912                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7729602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7729602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        210169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            210169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3592491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3592491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7939771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17093.343928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17093.343928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       210169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3172155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3172155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15093.353444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15093.353444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.133881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6806833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                209912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.427079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.133881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8149939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8149939                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       558336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       558336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  558336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10468000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43954250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           86400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          444032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              530432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        86400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          86400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        27904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            27904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           436                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 436                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3572511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18360062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21932573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3572511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3572511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1153789                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1153789                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1153789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3572511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18360062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23086362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       389.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6922.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.022379736500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            22                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23177                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 348                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8288                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         436                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       436                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     47                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      55459750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                210559750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6704.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25454.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6619                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      290                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   436                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     319.150606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    198.377850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    319.610644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           560     32.31%     32.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          374     21.58%     53.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          341     19.68%     73.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           89      5.14%     78.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           58      3.35%     82.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      2.25%     84.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      2.14%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      1.96%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          201     11.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      342.363636                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      78.903783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     831.939074                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             14     63.64%     63.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      9.09%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      4.55%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      9.09%     86.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      9.09%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      4.55%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.818182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.792465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     54.55%     54.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      9.09%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 8     36.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             22                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  529408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    23680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   530432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 27904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24109297000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2763559.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        86400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       443008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        23680                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3572511.311712031718                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18317720.962719026953                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 979132.729876630940                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1350                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6938                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          436                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     37841250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    172718500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 431188868750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28030.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24894.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 988965295.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6047580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3214365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26146680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              850860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1909071840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1473053850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8046446400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11464831575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.053709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20904181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    807560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2472926750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6326040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3362370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32915400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1080540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1909071840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1418932350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8092022400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11463710940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.007373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21022828750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    807560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2354279250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1851298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1851298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1851324                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1851324                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          29187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              29187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         29265                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             29265                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    879228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    884988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    884988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1880485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1880485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1880589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1880589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30123.959297                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30123.959297                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30240.492055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30240.492055                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17284                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17284                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    820854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    820854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    826458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28123.959297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28123.959297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28240.492055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28240.492055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      29009                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1135956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1135956                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    245590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1149107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1149107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18674.625504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18674.625504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16674.625504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16674.625504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         715342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             715342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16036                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633638000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    633638000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39513.469693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39513.469693                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    601566000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    601566000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37513.469693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37513.469693                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.888272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1869465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 29009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.444310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.888272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1909854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1909854                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          120586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              136533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         120586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15947                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             136533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         89583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            102901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        89583                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           102901                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1807542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1807542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       210169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          239434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       210169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         239434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.429768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.429768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13894.622864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42260.099114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17565.835123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13894.622864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42260.099114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17565.835123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       102901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1065558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601742000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1065558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601742000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11894.645189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40260.099114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15565.854559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11894.645189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40260.099114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15565.854559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    109855                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         120586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             136533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        89583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           102901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1807542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       210169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         239434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.429768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13894.622864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42260.099114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17565.835123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1065558000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601742000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11894.645189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40260.099114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15565.854559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17284                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17284                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17284                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17284                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.244887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 251569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               109855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.290010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.171821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.921004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   210.152061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.406096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.410453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               367085                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              367085                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               239434                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              239433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       420337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  496151                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2979136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13450752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16429888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1050840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            325854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           146325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24184668000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28190411000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126727                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34223336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   253895                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              510353902                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14024403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028190                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28190411000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1567665                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14024403                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1342162                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      851764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9260842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28190411                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28190411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9034544                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4478640                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1181587                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 738297                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        738297                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1101576                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              576993                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      213314                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13495636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13495636                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26118837                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11179078                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1335321                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186099                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     850778                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                132763      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11079554     79.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8150      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    112059      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9810      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     6946      0.05%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   144040      1.03%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   121506      0.87%     82.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  139030      0.99%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   7175      0.05%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35170      0.25%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               14068      0.10%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              21102      0.15%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               7034      0.05%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1140576      8.13%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  818804      5.84%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              194745      1.39%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31974      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14024506                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    88                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       103526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          111270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       103526                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7744                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         111270                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1385                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7607                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8992                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    527194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    527194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       120262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       120262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61585.559567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58090.968844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58629.225979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61585.559567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58090.968844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58629.225979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          467                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              467                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59585.559567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56090.968844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56629.225979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59585.559567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56090.968844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56629.225979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1350                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       103526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         111270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527194000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       120262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.074770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61585.559567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58090.968844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58629.225979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     82526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59585.559567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56090.968844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56629.225979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5628.869738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             132598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            14.445800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    13.905427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   731.982214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4882.982096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.044677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.298034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.343559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.477844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           141777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          141777                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9014415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9014415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9014415                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9014415                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         246427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             246427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        246427                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            246427                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4200321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4200321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4200321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4200321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9260842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9260842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17044.889562                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17044.889562                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17044.889562                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17044.889562                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        246427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3707467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3707467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3707467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3707467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15044.889562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15044.889562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15044.889562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15044.889562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     246171                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9014415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9014415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        246427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            246427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4200321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4200321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9260842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17044.889562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17044.889562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3707467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3707467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15044.889562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15044.889562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9260842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                246427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.580468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9507269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9507269                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          467                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       605376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       605376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  605376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47679500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           88640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          486848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              575488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        88640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          88640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        29888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            29888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 467                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3144332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17269986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20414317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3144332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3144332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1060219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1060219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1060219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3144332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17269986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21474536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       404.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7580.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.022379736500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25622                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 365                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         467                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       467                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     63                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      59914750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    44825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                228008500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6683.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25433.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      300                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   467                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     319.249067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    198.200154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    320.190311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           603     32.16%     32.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          416     22.19%     54.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          357     19.04%     73.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           98      5.23%     78.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           62      3.31%     81.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      2.19%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           43      2.29%     86.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      2.08%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          216     11.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      389.739130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.501481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     843.969529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             14     60.87%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      8.70%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      4.35%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      8.70%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      8.70%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.869565                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.843241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.967863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     52.17%     52.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      8.70%     60.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 9     39.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  573760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    24832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   575488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 29888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28183184000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2979509.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        88640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       485120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        24832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3144331.595591139514                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17208688.443740677088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 880866.901869575493                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1385                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7607                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          467                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     39112500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    188896000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 527641142250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28240.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24831.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 1129852553.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6882960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3658380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30801960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              897840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2224996800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1729212990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9368938560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13365389490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.111197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24339810500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    941200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2909400500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6504540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3457245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33208140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1127520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2224996800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1512640920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9551315040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13333250205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.971118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24815735500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    941200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2433475500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2159755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2159755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2159784                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2159784                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    996476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1002236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1002236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2193716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2193716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2193823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2193823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29341.774388                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29341.774388                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29443.755692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29443.755692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    928554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    928554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    934158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27341.774388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27341.774388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27443.755692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27443.755692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33783                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1326307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1326307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1342055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1342055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18506.096012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18506.096012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    259938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16506.096012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16506.096012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         833448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             833448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    705042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    705042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       851661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         851661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38710.920771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38710.920771                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668616000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    668616000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021385                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36710.920771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36710.920771                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.046244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2193823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 34039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.450278                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.046244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2227862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2227862                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          141516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              160204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         141516                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             160204                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        104911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            120262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           120262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1446369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2072616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1446369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2072616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       246427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          280466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       246427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         280466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.428794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.428794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13786.628666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40795.192496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17234.172058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13786.628666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40795.192496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17234.172058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       120262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1236547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1236547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11786.628666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38795.192496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15234.172058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11786.628666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38795.192496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15234.172058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    128313                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         141516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             160204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           120262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1446369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2072616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       246427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         280466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.428794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13786.628666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40795.192496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17234.172058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1236547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595545000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1832092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11786.628666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38795.192496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15234.172058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.494281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 300163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               128825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.330006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.178820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.750964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.564497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.405764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               428988                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              428988                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               280466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              280466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       492854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  580629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15771328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19210432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1232135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            378951000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28190411000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
