
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12494182000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  53449                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34203460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    66812                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              667787588                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1250029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012494                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12494182000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             51353                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1250029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      802315                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3120                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1534593                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12494171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12494171                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               260258                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              267953                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        48675                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 756642                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        756642                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               758306                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1248864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1248864                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3012078                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             395776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        813276                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     802314                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    435202     34.77%     34.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     34.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.01%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     34.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.08%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     34.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.03%     34.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.04%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     35.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.85%     35.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48091      3.84%     39.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.03%     39.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             754223     60.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1251585                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        99547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        100319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99547                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       100319                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6243144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6289478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6243144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6289478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62715.541403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62694.783640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62715.541403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62694.783640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        95364                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            95364                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       100319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       100319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6044050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6044050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60715.541403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60694.783640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60715.541403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60694.783640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 96283                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       100319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6243144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6289478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62715.541403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62694.783640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6044050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998666                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60715.541403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60694.783640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        98974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3968.551314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             191747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            96283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.991494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.571662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    20.246553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3946.733099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.963558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           299806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          299806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1533634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1533634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1533634                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1533634                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1534593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1534593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1533634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1533634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1534593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1534593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.969305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.056180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.969305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1535552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1535552                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        95364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       296002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       296002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 296002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     12523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     12523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           577139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          528112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6371008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6420416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      6103296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          6103296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            99547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         95364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               95364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3954481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          509917976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              513872457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3954481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3954481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       488491043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             488491043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       488491043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3954481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         509917976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1002363500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     95364.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     99547.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000813587750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5608                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5608                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               294170                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               89853                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100319                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       95364                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100319                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     95364                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               6009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               5908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               5932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               5898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               5951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               5905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               5906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               5888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               5888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               5955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              5953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              6018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              6080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              6016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1071452250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   501595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2952433500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10680.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29430.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     89740                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    86118                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100319                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 95364                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   100319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    2246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    3339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    5602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    5609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    5610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    5609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    5609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    5610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    5609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    5609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     632.429517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    417.449359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.475541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2543     12.84%     12.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4048     20.45%     33.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          729      3.68%     36.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          610      3.08%     40.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          810      4.09%     44.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          567      2.86%     47.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          664      3.35%     50.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          691      3.49%     53.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9137     46.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.886769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.049511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      49.328404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           5603     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5608                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.000535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.976665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.900528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              2270     40.48%     40.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1067     19.03%     59.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              2269     40.46%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5608                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6420416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  6101696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6420416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               6103296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        513.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        488.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     513.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     488.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12494076000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63848.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6371008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      6101696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3954480.573438100982                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 509917976.222853183746                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 488362983.667118012905                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        99547                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        95364                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2931839750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 297943429250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26675.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29451.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3124275.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              71107260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              37794405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            358742160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           250257240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      985882560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2998130460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2273024640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6974938725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.254932                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5805732500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    417040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6271409500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              70264740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              37342800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            357535500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           247412340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      985882560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2985783690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2283421920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6967643550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.671046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5835628250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    417040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6241513750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           712077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               712077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          712077                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              712077                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         99692                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             99692                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7937678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7937678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7937678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7937678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       811769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           811769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       811769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          811769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79622.015809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79622.015809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79622.015809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79622.015809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           99263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 99263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7738296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7738296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7738296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7738296000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77622.035870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77622.035870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77622.035870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77622.035870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      99435                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         701344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             701344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        99415                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            99415                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7922879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7922879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         800759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79695.005784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79695.005784                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        99415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7724051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7724051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77695.025902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77695.025902                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.615923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  809721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 99435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.143219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.615923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                911460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               911460                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         99565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7338382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7394729000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7338382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7394729000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          100651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         100651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73704.434289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73613.086587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73704.434289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73613.086587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          98974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                98974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7139254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7193823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7139254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7193823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71704.454377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71613.106497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71704.454377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71613.106497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    100178                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7338382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7394729000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         100651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73704.434289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73613.086587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7139254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7193823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.998726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71704.454377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71613.106497                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        99263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.826796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 199145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               100178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.838780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     5.103191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   502.884825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               300604                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              300604                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               100651                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              100650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         99263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       298646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  300564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     12733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12794432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            596966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           498455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12494182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25378366000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  59183                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    72746                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              750977762                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2458355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025378                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25378366000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             93019                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2458355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1637272                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3081133                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25378355                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25378355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               468588                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              517951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        90341                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1548305                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1548305                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1549970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2458817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2458817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5976904                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             729106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1648233                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1637271                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    810198     32.91%     32.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.01%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.04%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     33.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.02%     33.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.02%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     33.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.43%     33.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   91385      3.71%     37.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.02%     37.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1545886     62.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2461538                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       203714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        204486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203714                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       204486                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12805083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12851417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12805083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12851417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       204620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       204620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62858.139352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62847.417427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62858.139352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62847.417427                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       199531                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           199531                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       204486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       204486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12397655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12442445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12397655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12442445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60858.139352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60847.417427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60858.139352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60847.417427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                200450                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       204486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12805083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12851417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       204620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62858.139352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62847.417427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12397655000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12442445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60858.139352                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60847.417427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203141                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4033.254941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             400081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           200450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.995914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.773755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     9.967707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4022.513479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           612307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          612307                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3080174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3080174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3080174                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3080174                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3081133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3081133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3080174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3080174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3081133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3081133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.492572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.056180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.492572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3082092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3082092                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              204486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             204486                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       199531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       608503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       608503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 608503                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     25857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     25857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                25857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1202141000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1076371750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13037696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13087104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12769984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12769984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           203714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               204486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        199531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              199531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1946855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          513732681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              515679536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1946855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1946855                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       503183854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             503183854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       503183854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1946855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         513732681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1018863389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    199531.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    203714.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000813587750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11738                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11738                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               604471                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              188002                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       204486                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      199531                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     204486                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    199531                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2215324750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1022430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               6049437250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10833.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29583.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    183058                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   180249                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 204486                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                199531                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   204486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    4689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     635.594562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    420.714574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    416.075064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5124     12.60%     12.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8323     20.46%     33.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1448      3.56%     36.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1204      2.96%     39.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1720      4.23%     43.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1146      2.82%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1356      3.33%     49.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1453      3.57%     53.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18903     46.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.419577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006874                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      34.103687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          11733     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11738                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.995996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.972037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              4798     40.88%     40.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2191     18.67%     59.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              4747     40.44%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13087104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12767936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13087104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12769984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        515.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        503.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     515.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     503.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25378298000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62814.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13037696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12767936                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1946855.049690748565                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 513732680.819561064243                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 503103154.868205487728                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       203714                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       199531                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   6028843500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 609946832250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26675.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29594.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3056902.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             145291860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              77220660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            730657620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           521994780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2003111760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6070414500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4633364640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14182055820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.824623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11834314500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    847340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12696711500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             145149060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              77148555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            729372420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           519390000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2003111760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6061428450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4640931840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14176532085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.606968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11855694750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    847340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12675331250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1441240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1441240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1441240                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1441240                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         203859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             203859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        203859                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            203859                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16270456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16270456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16270456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16270456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1645099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1645099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1645099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1645099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79812.301640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79812.301640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79812.301640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79812.301640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          203430                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                203430                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        203859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15862740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15862740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15862740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15862740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77812.311451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77812.311451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77812.311451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77812.311451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     203602                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1430507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1430507                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       203582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           203582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16255657000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16255657000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1634089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1634089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79848.203672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79848.203672                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       203582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15848495000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15848495000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77848.213496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77848.213496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.826280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1643057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                203602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.069945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.826280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1848957                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1848957                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        203732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            204621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           204621                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15046158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15102505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15046158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15102505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          204818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         204818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73852.698643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73807.209426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73852.698643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73807.209426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         203141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               203141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14638696000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14693265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14638696000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14693265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71852.708460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71807.219200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71852.708460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71807.219200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    204345                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           204621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15046158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15102505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       203859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         204818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73852.698643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73807.209426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       203732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       204621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14638696000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14693265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71852.708460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71807.219200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       203430                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.437780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 407479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               204345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.412945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.512384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.512451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               613105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              613105                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               204818                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              204817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        203430                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       611147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  613065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     26066432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 26127808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1221968000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1019290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25378366000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                38262481000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  63206                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    77252                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              806134068                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3666686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.038262                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38262481000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3666686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2472230                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9630                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4627679                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         38262470                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   38262470                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               676923                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              767951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       132008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2341633                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3668776                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3668776                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8941741                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1062440                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2483191                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2472229                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1185199     32.28%     32.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     32.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.03%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.29%     32.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  134679      3.67%     36.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     36.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2337550     63.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3671497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       307880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        308652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307880                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       308652                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19366956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  19413290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19366956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  19413290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       307897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       308786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       307897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       308786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62904.235416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62897.016705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62904.235416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62897.016705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       303697                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           303697                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       308652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       308652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18751196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18795986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18751196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18795986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60904.235416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60897.016705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60904.235416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60897.016705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                304616                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       308652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19366956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19413290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       308786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62904.235416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62897.016705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18751196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18795986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60904.235416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60897.016705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307307                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4054.383068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             608413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           304616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.513209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     6.611284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4047.258576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           924805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          924805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4626720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4626720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4626720                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4626720                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4627679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4627679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4626720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4626720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4627679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4627679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.663438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.056180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.663438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4628638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4628638                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              308652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             308652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       303697                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       921001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       921001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 921001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     39190336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     39190336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                39190336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1827137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1624630500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        19704320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            19753728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19436608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19436608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           307880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               308652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        303697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              303697                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1291291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          514977583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516268874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1291291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1291291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       507980860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             507980860                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       507980860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1291291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         514977583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1024249734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    303697.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    307880.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000813587750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         17869                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         17869                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               914767                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              286158                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       308652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      303697                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     308652                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    303697                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              19334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              19287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              19291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              19274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              19406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              19250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              19266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              19269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              19268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             19351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             19299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             19222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             19329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             19236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              19007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              19011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             19009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             19009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             19008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3359178500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1543260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               9146403500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10883.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29633.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    276374                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   274389                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 308652                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                303697                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   308652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    7129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   17850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   17871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   17871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   17986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   17870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   17869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   17869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   17869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        61555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     636.635464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    421.798786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.927802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7706     12.52%     12.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12599     20.47%     32.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2160      3.51%     36.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1800      2.92%     39.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2631      4.27%     43.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1733      2.82%     46.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2041      3.32%     49.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2215      3.60%     53.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28670     46.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         61555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.272203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.992775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      27.646111                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          17864     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          17869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17869                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.994068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7332     41.03%     41.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3313     18.54%     59.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              7222     40.42%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          17869                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                19753728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19434688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 19753728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19436608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        507.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     507.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    38262393000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62484.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     19704320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19434688                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1291291.069180798717                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 514977583.392984867096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 507930680.187727510929                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       307880                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       303697                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9125809750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 921982711750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26675.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29640.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3035863.74                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             219812040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             116829075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1101523500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           793142460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3020340960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9141663420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6994549920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21387861375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.977380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17864486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1277640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19120354500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             219697800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             116772150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1102251780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           791999280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3020340960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9145056060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6991692960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21387810990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.976063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17858872750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1277640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19125968250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2170404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2170404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2170404                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2170404                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         308025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             308025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        308025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            308025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24603151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24603151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24603151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24603151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2478429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2478429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2478429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2478429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79873.877120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79873.877120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79873.877120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79873.877120                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          307596                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                307596                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        308025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23987103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23987103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23987103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23987103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77873.883613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77873.883613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77873.883613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77873.883613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     307768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2159671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2159671                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       307748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           307748                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24588352000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24588352000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2467419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2467419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124725                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79897.682519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79897.682519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       307748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23972858000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23972858000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124725                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77897.689018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77897.689018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.221507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2476385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                307768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.046272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.221507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2786453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2786453                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        307898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            308787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           308787                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22753857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22810204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22753857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22810204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          308984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         308984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73900.632677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73870.350760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73900.632677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73870.350760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         307307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               307307                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       308787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       308787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22138063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22192632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22138063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22192632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71900.639173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71870.357237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71900.639173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71870.357237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    308511                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           308787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22753857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22810204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       308025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         308984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73900.632677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73870.350760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       307898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       308787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22138063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22192632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71900.639173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71870.357237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       307596                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.963826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 615811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               308511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.273894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.666389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.023542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               925603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              925603                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               308984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              308983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        307596                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       923645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  925563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     39399680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 39461056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1846964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1540120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  38262481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51146627000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  67632                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82426                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              864780333                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4875029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051147                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51146627000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            176353                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4875029                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3307198                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         12886                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6174242                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51146616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51146616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               885258                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1017953                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       173675                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3131642                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3131642                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3133306                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4878747                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4878747                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11906610                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1395776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3318159                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3307197                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1560202     31.96%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     32.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.22%     32.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  177974      3.65%     35.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3129223     64.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4881468                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       412047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        412819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412047                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       412819                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25928791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  25975125000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25928791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  25975125000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       412953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       412953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62926.780197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62921.340830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62926.780197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62921.340830                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       407864                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           407864                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       412819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       412819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25104697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25149487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25104697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25149487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60926.780197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60921.340830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60926.780197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60921.340830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                408783                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       412819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25928791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25975125000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       412953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62926.780197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62921.340830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25104697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25149487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60926.780197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60921.340830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4064.866626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             816747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           408783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.383928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.945861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4059.536836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1237306                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1237306                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6173283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6173283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6173283                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6173283                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6174242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6174242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6173283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6173283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6174242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6174242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.748220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.056180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.748220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6175201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6175201                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              412819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             412819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       407864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1233502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1233502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1233502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     52523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     52523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                52523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2452139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2172892250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        26371008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            26420416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     26103296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         26103296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           412047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               412819                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        407864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              407864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             966007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          515596229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516562236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        966007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            966007                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       510362023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             510362023                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       510362023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            966007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         515596229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1026924258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    407864.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    412047.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000813587750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24000                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24000                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1225061                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              384327                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       412819                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      407864                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     412819                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    407864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              25862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              25815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              25819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              25802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              25934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              25778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              25794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              25797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              25796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             25771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             25751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             25732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             25750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             25857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             25764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              25474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              25490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              25516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              25482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              25535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              25489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              25490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              25472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              25472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              25539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             25458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             25472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             25472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             25474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             25536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             25472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4502944500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2064095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12243300750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10907.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29657.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    369689                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   368531                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 412819                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                407864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   412819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    9571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   14143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   23974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        82440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.094226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    422.272691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.862704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         10294     12.49%     12.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16869     20.46%     32.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2881      3.49%     36.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2398      2.91%     39.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3539      4.29%     43.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2315      2.81%     46.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2734      3.32%     49.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2975      3.61%     53.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        38435     46.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         82440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.200625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.986393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      23.859499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          23995     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.993458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.969463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.902838                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9858     41.08%     41.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4443     18.51%     59.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              9697     40.40%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                26420416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 26101952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 26420416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              26103296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        510.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     510.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51146521000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62321.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     26371008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     26101952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 966007.005701470771                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 515596228.857867777348                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 510335745.111793994904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       412047                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       407864                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12222707000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1234029853250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26675.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29663.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3025591.50                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             294232260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             156380565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1472396520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1064331900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4036955520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12210543420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9357742080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28592582265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.031630                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23900081750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1707680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25538865250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             294403620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             156479235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1475131140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1064608560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4036955520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12229436640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9341832000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28598846715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.154110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23860053250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1707680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25578893750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2899577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2899577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2899577                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2899577                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         412192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             412192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        412192                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            412192                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32935825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32935825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32935825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32935825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3311769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3311769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3311769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3311769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79904.085960                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79904.085960                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79904.085960                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79904.085960                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          411763                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                411763                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        412192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32111443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32111443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32111443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32111443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77904.090812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77904.090812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77904.090812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77904.090812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     411935                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2888844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2888844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       411915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           411915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32921026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  32921026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3300759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3300759                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79921.891652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79921.891652                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       411915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       411915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32097198000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32097198000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124794                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77921.896508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77921.896508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.417614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3309721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                411935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.034571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.417614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3723960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3723960                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        412065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            412954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           412954                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30461529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30517876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30461529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30517876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          413151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         413151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73924.087219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73901.393376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73924.087219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73901.393376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         411474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               411474                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       412954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       412954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29637401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29691970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29637401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29691970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71924.092073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71901.398219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71924.092073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71901.398219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    412678                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           412954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30461529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30517876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       412192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         413151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73924.087219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73901.393376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       412065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       412954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29637401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29691970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71924.092073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71901.398219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411763                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.224844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 824145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               412678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.204899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.246616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.773330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1238104                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1238104                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               413151                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              413150                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        411763                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1236146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1238064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     52733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 52794432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2471966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2060955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51146627000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                64030795000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  77714                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    94552                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              995212040                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6083355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.064031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 64030795000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218019                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6083355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4142155                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16140                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7720782                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         64030784                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   64030784                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1093588                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1267951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       215341                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3923305                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3923305                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3924970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6088700                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6088700                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14871436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1729106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4153116                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4142154                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1935198     31.77%     31.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.02%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.17%     31.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  221268      3.63%     35.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3920886     64.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6091421                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       516214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        516986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516214                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       516986                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32490714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32537048000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32490714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32537048000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       517120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       517120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62940.396812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62936.033084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62940.396812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62936.033084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       512031                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           512031                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       516986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       516986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31458286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31503076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31458286000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31503076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60940.396812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60936.033084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60940.396812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60936.033084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                512950                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       516986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32490714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32537048000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       517120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62940.396812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62936.033084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       516986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31458286000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31503076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60940.396812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60936.033084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515641                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4071.131231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1025081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           512950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.306675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.950663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4066.873892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          727                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1549807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1549807                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7719823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7719823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7719823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7719823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7720782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7720782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7719823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7719823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7720782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7720782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.798883                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.056180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.798883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7721741                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7721741                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              516986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             516986                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       512031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1546003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1546003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1546003                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     65857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     65857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                65857088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3077141000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2721151250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        33037696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            33087104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32769984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32769984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           516214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               516986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        512031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              512031                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             771629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          515965732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516737361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        771629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            771629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       511784744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             511784744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       511784744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            771629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         515965732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1028522104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    512031.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    516214.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000813587750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         30131                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         30131                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1535355                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              482489                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       516986                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      512031                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     516986                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    512031                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              32390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              32343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              32347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              32330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              32462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              32325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              32306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              32322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              32242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              32196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             32229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             32279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             32260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             32278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             32385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             32292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              31898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              31939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             31937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5646801250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2584930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              15340288750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10922.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29672.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    463011                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   462672                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 516986                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                512031                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   516986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   12012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   17741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   30098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   30132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   30132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   30132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   30328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   30131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       103313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.432888                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    422.650419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.796463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12870     12.46%     12.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21137     20.46%     32.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3604      3.49%     36.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2996      2.90%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4445      4.30%     43.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2899      2.81%     46.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3430      3.32%     49.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3733      3.61%     53.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48199     46.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        103313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.157811                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.982240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      21.298154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          30126     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          30131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12391     41.12%     41.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5566     18.47%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             12172     40.40%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          30131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                33087104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32768768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 33087104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32769984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        511.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     511.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    64030727000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62225.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     33037696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32768768                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 771628.713964897674                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 515965731.801393389702                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 511765752.713206171989                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       516214                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       512031                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  15319695000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1546067243250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26675.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29677.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3019479.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             368316900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             195761280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1843269540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1335484800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5054184720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15278746260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       11721512640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         35797276140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.063434                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29937583000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2137980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  31955232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             369352200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             196311555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1848010500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1337217840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5054184720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15309499470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       11695615200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         35810191485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.265139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  29870706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2137980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32022108250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3628740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3628740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3628740                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3628740                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         516359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             516359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        516359                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            516359                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41268587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41268587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41268587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41268587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4145099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4145099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4145099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4145099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79922.276943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79922.276943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79922.276943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79922.276943                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          515930                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                515930                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        516359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       516359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40235871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40235871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40235871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40235871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77922.280816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77922.280816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77922.280816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77922.280816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     516102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3618007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3618007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       516082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           516082                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41253788000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41253788000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4134089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4134089                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124836                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79936.498463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79936.498463                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       516082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40221626000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40221626000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77936.502339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77936.502339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.534801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4143057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                516102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.027593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.534801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4661457                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4661457                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        516232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            517121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           517121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38169289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38225636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38169289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38225636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          517318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         517318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73938.246757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73920.099938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73938.246757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73920.099938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         515641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               515641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       517121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       517121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37136827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37191396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37136827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37191396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71938.250631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71920.103805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71938.250631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71920.103805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    516845                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           517121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38169289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38225636000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       516359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         517318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73938.246757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73920.099938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       516232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       517121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37136827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37191396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71938.250631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71920.103805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       515930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.380820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1032479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               516845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.163669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.995774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.221377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1550605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1550605                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               517318                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              517317                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        515930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1548647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1550565                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     66066432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 66127808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3096968000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2581790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  64030795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                76914951000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87947                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   106880                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1127406039                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7291686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.076915                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 76914951000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            259686                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7291686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4977113                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         19396                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9267328                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         76914940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   76914940                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1301923                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1517951                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       257008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4714969                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4714969                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4716633                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7298659                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7298659                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17836273                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2062440                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4988074                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4977112                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2310199     31.64%     31.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.15%     31.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  264562      3.62%     35.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.01%     35.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4712550     64.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7301380                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       620380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        621152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620380                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       621152                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39052628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  39098962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39052628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  39098962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       621286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       621286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62949.527709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62945.884421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62949.527709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62945.884421                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       616197                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           616197                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       621152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       621152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37811868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37856658000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37811868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37856658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60949.527709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60945.884421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60949.527709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60945.884421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                617116                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       621152                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39052628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39098962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       621286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62949.527709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62945.884421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37811868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37856658000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60949.527709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60945.884421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       619807                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4075.297041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1233413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           617116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.255303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.288881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4071.752857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1862305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1862305                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9266369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9266369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9266369                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9266369                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9267328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9267328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9266369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9266369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9267328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9267328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.832572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   43472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 61.056180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.832572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9268287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9268287                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              621152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             621152                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       616197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1858501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1858501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1858501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     79190336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     79190336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                79190336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3702137000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3269408500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        39704320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            39753728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     39436608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         39436608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           620380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               621152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        616197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              616197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             642372                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516210691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516853063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        642372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            642372                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       512730067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             512730067                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       512730067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            642372                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516210691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1029583130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    616197.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    620380.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000813587750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36261                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36261                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1845650                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              580643                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       621152                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      616197                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     621152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    616197                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              38918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              38871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              38875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              38858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              38990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              38853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              38722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              38725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              38724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             38757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             38807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             38788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             38806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             38913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             38820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              38530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              38546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              38572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              38538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              38591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              38537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              38420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              38400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              38400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              38467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             38465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             38530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             38592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             38528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6790697500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3105760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18437297500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10932.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29682.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    556322                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   556798                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 621152                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                616197                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   621152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   14454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   21346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       124203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.569914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    422.781077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.785443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         15462     12.45%     12.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25409     20.46%     32.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4326      3.48%     36.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3595      2.89%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5351      4.31%     43.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3481      2.80%     46.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4125      3.32%     49.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4489      3.61%     53.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        57965     46.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        124203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.129754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.979771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      19.418244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          36256     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36261                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14916     41.14%     41.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              6696     18.47%     59.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             14647     40.39%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                39753728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 39435008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 39753728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              39436608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        512.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     512.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    76914863000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62161.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     39704320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     39435008                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 642371.858235988533                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516210690.948759794235                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 512709265.068634092808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       620380                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       616197                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18416703750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1858062439250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26675.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29686.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3015370.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             443351160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             235646730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2215827600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1607958360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6071413920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18359314680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14074865760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         43008378210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.167986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35946909250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2568280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  38399761750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             443465400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             235703655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2219197680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1608459480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6071413920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18379167780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14058147360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         43015555275                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.261297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  35904800750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2568280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  38441870250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4357904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4357904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4357904                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4357904                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         620525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             620525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        620525                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            620525                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49601323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49601323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49601323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49601323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4978429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4978429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4978429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4978429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79934.447444                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79934.447444                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79934.447444                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79934.447444                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          620096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                620096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        620525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       620525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48360275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  48360275000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48360275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  48360275000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77934.450667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77934.450667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77934.450667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77934.450667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     620268                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4347171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4347171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       620248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           620248                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49586524000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49586524000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4967419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4967419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79946.286002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79946.286002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       620248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48346030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48346030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124863                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77946.289226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77946.289226                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.612727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4976385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                620268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.022959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.612727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5598953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5598953                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        620398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            621287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           621287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45877029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  45933376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45877029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  45933376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          621484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         621484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73947.738387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73932.620512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73947.738387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73932.620512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         619807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               619807                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       621287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       621287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44636235000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44690804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44636235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44690804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71947.741611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71932.623731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71947.741611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71932.623731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    621011                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           621287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45877029000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45933376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         621484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73947.738387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73932.620512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       620398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       621287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44636235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44690804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71947.741611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71932.623731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       620096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.484540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1240811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               621011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.136253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.828970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.519317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1863103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1863103                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               621484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              621483                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        620096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1861145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1863063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     79399680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 79461056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3721964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3102620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  76914951000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                89798723000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97116                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34204520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   117926                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    72.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1245834445                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8500013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.089799                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 89798723000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            301352                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8500013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       11010                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5812070                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22650                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10813870                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            67                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         89798723                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   89798723                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1510253                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1767949                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       298674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5506633                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5506633                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5508297                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                2039                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8508613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8508613                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20801099                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2395770                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       10962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5823032                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5812070                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   851      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2685195     31.55%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      170      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       105      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      22      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     31.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1024      0.01%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     31.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      426      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     507      0.01%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     31.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    10592      0.12%     31.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  307856      3.62%     35.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 370      0.00%     35.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5504214     64.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8511334                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    73                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            134                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       724547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        725319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724547                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       725319                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45614162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  45660496000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45614162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  45660496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       725453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       725453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62955.421801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62952.295473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62955.421801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62952.295473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       720364                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           720364                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       725319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       725319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44165068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44209858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44165068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44209858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60955.421801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60952.295473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60955.421801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60952.295473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                721283                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724547                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       725319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45614162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45660496000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       725453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60018.134715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62955.421801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62952.295473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     44790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44165068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44209858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58018.134715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60955.421801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60952.295473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       723974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4078.267375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1449427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           725379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998165                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.218674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.817012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4075.231689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2174806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2174806                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10812911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10812911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10812911                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10812911                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               959                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10813870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10813870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        712                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10812911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10812911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10813870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10813870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65446.298227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60845000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63446.298227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.856594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10813870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11276.193952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.856594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10814829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10814829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              725319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             725319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       720364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2171002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2171002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2171002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     92523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     92523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                92523712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4327139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3817669000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46371008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46420416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     46103296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         46103296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           724547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               725319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        720364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              720364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             550208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          516388279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              516938487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        550208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            550208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       513407034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             513407034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       513407034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            550208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         516388279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1030345521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    720364.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    724547.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000813587750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         42392                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         42392                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2155945                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              678795                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       725319                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      720364                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     725319                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    720364                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              45403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              45380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              45058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              45074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              45100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              45032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              44991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              44945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              44946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              44995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             44993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             45058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             45120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             45056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7934163750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3626595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21533895000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10938.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29688.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    649644                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   650941                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 90.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 725319                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                720364                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   725319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   16894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   24939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   42346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   42393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   42394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   42393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   42393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   42394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   42393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   42393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   42393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   42393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   42671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   42392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   42392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   42392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   42392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   42392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       145069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     637.773418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    422.991586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    415.760083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         18036     12.43%     12.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29685     20.46%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5033      3.47%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4190      2.89%     39.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6265      4.32%     43.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4066      2.80%     46.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4807      3.31%     49.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5251      3.62%     53.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67736     46.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        145069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.109525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.977728                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      17.962586                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          42387     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          42392                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.992263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.968248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.903202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             17454     41.17%     41.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              7814     18.43%     59.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             17122     40.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          42392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46420416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 46101504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46420416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              46103296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        516.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        513.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     516.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     513.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    89798684000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       62115.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        49408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46371008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     46101504                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 550208.269665482920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 516388278.706368684769                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 513387077.898646771908                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       724547                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       720364                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     20593750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21513301250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2170084554250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26675.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29692.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3012483.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     89.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             517771380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             275202015                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2588706960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1880567640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7088028480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21439379220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16428495840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         50218151535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.230130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41957591250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2998320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  44842811750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             518028420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             275334840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2590070700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1879586280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7088028480.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21448423410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16420879680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         50220351810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.254632                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  41939004000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2998320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  44861399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5087068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5087068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5087068                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5087068                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         724691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             724691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        724691                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            724691                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57933696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  57933696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57933696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  57933696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5811759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5811759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5811759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5811759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79942.618302                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79942.618302                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79942.618302                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79942.618302                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          724263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                724263                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        724691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       724691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56484314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  56484314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56484314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  56484314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77942.618302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77942.618302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77942.618302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77942.618302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     724435                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               10733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14799000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           11010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53425.992780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51425.992780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5076335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5076335                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       724414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           724414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57918897000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57918897000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5800749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5800749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79952.757677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79952.757677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       724414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56470069000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  56470069000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77952.757677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77952.757677                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.668291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5811759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                724691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.019637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.668291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6536450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6536450                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        724564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            725453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           725453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53584400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  53640747000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53584400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  53640747000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          725650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         725650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73953.991642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73941.036842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73953.991642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73941.036842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         723974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               723974                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       725453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       725453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52135272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52189841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52135272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52189841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71953.991642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71941.036842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71953.991642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71941.036842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    725178                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             70                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           725453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53584400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53640747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       724691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         725650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63382.452193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73953.991642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73941.036842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       724564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       725453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52135272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52189841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.927007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61382.452193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71953.991642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71941.036842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       724263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.558495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1449913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               725690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.116704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.710035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.731756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2175603                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2175603                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               725650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              725650                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        724263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2173645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2175563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        61376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92794432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             4795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4346965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3623455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  89798723000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
