
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4070512000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84249                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   159373                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              342888887                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4070512000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      225137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4070501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4070501                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1147006                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165220                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  23266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         23266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                37360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               18378                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39472                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1870217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1870217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3664632                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1502293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     143954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7027      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1497877     79.17%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      177      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       210      0.01%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     8578      0.45%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      144      0.01%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4448      0.24%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4605      0.24%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   220484     11.65%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143237      7.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4347      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                717      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            8349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6008                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2341                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           8349                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3318                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2156                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5474                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    341531000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    341531000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        13823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.355780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.479431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.396007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.355780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.479431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.396007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62249.246534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62610.389610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62391.487030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62249.246534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62610.389610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62391.487030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          688                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              688                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199907000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.355780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.355780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60249.246534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60610.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60391.487030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60249.246534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60610.389610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60391.487030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4189                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           8349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206543000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134988000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    341531000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        13823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.355780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.479431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.396007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62249.246534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62610.389610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62391.487030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199907000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    330583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.355780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.479431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60249.246534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60610.389610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60391.487030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1536.299700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.170208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.339068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   687.855535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   771.105097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.037763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.335867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.376516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.750146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.880371                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            22664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           22664                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    445829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    445829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32106.366124                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32106.366124                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32106.366124                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32106.366124                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30106.366124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30106.366124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30106.366124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30106.366124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32106.366124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32106.366124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30106.366124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30106.366124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.729004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1220337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 89.533162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.729004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       394368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       394368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  394368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29342500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          212352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          137984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              350336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       212352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         212352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        44032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            44032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5474                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           52168376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33898438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               86066814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      52168376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          52168376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10817312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10817312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10817312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          52168376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33898438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              96884127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       583.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3318.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2047.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001824920500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            33                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12445                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 531                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5474                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         688                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5474                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     109                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    105                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      59408500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                160002250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11073.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29823.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3257                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      448                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5474                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     170.637877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.829812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.072813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1032     46.42%     46.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          697     31.35%     77.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          285     12.82%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           81      3.64%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      1.66%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.62%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.85%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.67%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2223                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.727273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      91.559661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     357.595029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             22     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10     30.30%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.090909                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.061663                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.011300                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     45.45%     45.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                18     54.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  343360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    36096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   350336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 44032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         84.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      86.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4066398000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      659915.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       212352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       131008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        36096                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 52168375.870160803199                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32184649.007299326360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8867680.527658436447                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3318                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2156                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          688                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     95844750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     64157500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  84961165250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28886.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29757.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 123490065.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8482320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4508460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             18514020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1456380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      320842080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1242845100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         516470400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2113118760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         519.128493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1330662500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    135720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2604129500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7397040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3927825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19792080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1487700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      320842080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         912570570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         794596320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2060613615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.229589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2056681500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    135720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1878110500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    284823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    284823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31402.756340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31402.756340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31402.756340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31402.756340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    266685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    266685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    266685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29402.976847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29402.976847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29402.976847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29402.976847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8813                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23224.972754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23224.972754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136330000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21225.284135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21225.284135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135649000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135649000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51246.316585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51246.316585                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130355000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130355000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49246.316585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49246.316585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.258019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  325538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.938386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.258019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.961945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.961945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                378206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               378206                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    510282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    510282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.602196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34435.449282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42049.132948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36912.760417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34435.449282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42049.132948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36912.760417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    482636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32435.449282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40049.577590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34912.905093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32435.449282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40049.577590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34912.905093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15690                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            13824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    189137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    510282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34435.449282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42049.132948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36912.760417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32435.449282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40049.577590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34912.905093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.566874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.601530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.290235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.754800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.521839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.460459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.383832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                43013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               43013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       827136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1715840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             42231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4070512000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8007757000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93688                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175389                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              375080173                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000147                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008008                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8007757000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2601097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8007746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8007746                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2296611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  40540                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         40540                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                64927                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               32124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71291                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3705807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3705807                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7294824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2987565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        738932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12023      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2961764     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      305      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       315      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14440      0.39%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      288      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7956      0.21%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8242      0.22%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  57      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459839     12.28%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270307      7.22%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7815      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                971      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3744489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15488                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4974                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20462                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3600                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8873                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    548480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    548480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        29335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        29335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.302471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.302471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.818509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60797.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.493407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.818509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60797.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.493407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1825                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1825                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    319063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    530734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    319063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    530734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60508.818509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58797.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.493407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60508.818509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58797.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.493407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8309                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    329609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    548480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        29335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.302471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62508.818509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60797.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61814.493407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    319063000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.253986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.419874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60508.818509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58797.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59814.493407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1698.181177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              20199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.430978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   116.641933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   624.146294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   957.392950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.056954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.304759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.467477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1937                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.945801                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44778                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44778                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    851823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    851823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28451.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28451.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28451.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28451.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    791945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    791945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26451.068804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26451.068804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26451.068804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26451.068804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29683                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    851823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28451.002004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28451.002004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    791945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    791945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26451.068804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26451.068804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.828962                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2466795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.104639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.828962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       684672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       684672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  684672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47549750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          337472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          230400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              567872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       337472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         337472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       116800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           116800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           42143137                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28772102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70915239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      42143137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          42143137                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14585857                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14585857                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14585857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          42143137                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28772102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              85501096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1330.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5273.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3255.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001824920500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            75                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            75                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20900                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1234                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8873                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1825                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8873                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1825                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    495                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      96023500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    42640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                255923500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11259.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30009.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4979                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1045                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8873                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1825                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.296900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.015934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    176.189862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1923     50.53%     50.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1105     29.03%     79.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          410     10.77%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          147      3.86%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           68      1.79%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.37%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.89%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.63%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           43      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           75                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      113.506667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      71.295714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     242.723754                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             59     78.67%     78.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15     20.00%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      1.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             75                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           75                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.360000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.331966                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.981450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                25     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                48     64.00%     97.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             75                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  545792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    22080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    83328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   567872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                116800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8007141000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      748470.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       337472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       208320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        83328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 42143136.960824355483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26014775.423380102962                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10405910.169352041557                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5273                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3600                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1825                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    153698000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    102225500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 182624627500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29148.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28395.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 100068289.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10531500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5597625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20741700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1926180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      631849920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1667752740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1670555520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4008955185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.633971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4326515750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    267280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3413961250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16643340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8846145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40148220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4870260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      631849920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2078144190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1324962720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4105464795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.685986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3423580250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    267280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4316896750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    507208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    507208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29144.860082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29144.860082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29144.860082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29144.860082                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    472402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    472402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27144.860082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27144.860082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27144.860082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27144.860082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17147                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23311.139161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23311.139161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270140000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21311.139161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21311.139161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    211716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44788.660884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44788.660884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42788.660884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42788.660884                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.047945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  710899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.459089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.047945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756873                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            9178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             29336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            29336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    588956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    912089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    588956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    912089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.619648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28367.016665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37687.543737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31091.116717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28367.016665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37687.543737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31091.116717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    547434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    853419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    547434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    853419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26367.112995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35687.543737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29091.184892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26367.112995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35687.543737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29091.184892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33284                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            29336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    588956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    912089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28367.016665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37687.543737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31091.116717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    547434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    853419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26367.112995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35687.543737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29091.184892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.679979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  51770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.555402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.181802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   241.299532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.198645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.471288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                88050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               88050                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        59879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  101596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1916096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3472192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           149695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8007757000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12040094000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97948                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254140                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   182602                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              393073738                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012040                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12040094000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            662864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692898                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      417329                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            82                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           159                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12040083                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12040083                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3407324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  53485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         53485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                85765                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               42549                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5539467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5539467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10935029                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4458647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      692367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109488                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17198      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4424376     79.10%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      488      0.01%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     220      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19500      0.35%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      300      0.01%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10330      0.18%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10776      0.19%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   682148     12.20%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  415928      7.44%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10219      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5593227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           35474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27423                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8051                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          35474                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6996                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4969                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11965                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    734940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    734940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        47439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        47439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.252219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.252219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62406.518010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60041.054538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61424.153782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62406.518010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60041.054538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61424.153782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2794                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2794                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    422604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    711010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    422604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    711010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60406.518010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58041.054538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59424.153782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60406.518010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58041.054538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59424.153782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11967                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          35474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    436596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    734940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        47439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.252219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62406.518010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60041.054538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61424.153782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    422604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    711010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.203260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60406.518010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58041.054538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59424.153782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1794.043244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              30207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.524192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   128.245507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   580.006266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1085.791472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.062620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.283206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.530172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.875998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2005                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979004                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            68872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           68872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1310305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1310305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26238.635909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26238.635909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26238.635909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26238.635909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1210429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210429000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1210429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210429000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24238.635909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24238.635909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24238.635909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24238.635909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      49682                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1310305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310305000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26238.635909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26238.635909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1210429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24238.635909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24238.635909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.556063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3648260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 49682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.432229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.556063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3962263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3962263                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11965                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       944576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       944576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  944576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           64114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          447744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          318016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              765760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       447744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         447744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       178816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           178816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2794                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37187750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26413083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63600832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37187750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37187750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14851711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14851711                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14851711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37187750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26413083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78452544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1956.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6996.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4356.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001824920500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           110                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           110                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28543                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1822                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11965                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2794                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11965                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2794                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     613                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    838                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     129064750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                341914750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11369.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30119.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6387                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1539                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11965                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2794                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.797982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.913819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    175.386635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2885     53.92%     53.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1474     27.55%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          499      9.33%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          186      3.48%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          101      1.89%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           66      1.23%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      0.82%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      0.60%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           64      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.445455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      67.886656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     203.489764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             90     81.82%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18     16.36%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.91%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.91%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.473872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30     27.27%     27.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                75     68.18%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      4.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  726528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    39232                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   123200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   765760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                178816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12031400000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      815190.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       447744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       278784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       123200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37187749.530859142542                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23154636.500346262008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 10232478.251415645704                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6996                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4969                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2794                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    203187000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    138727750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 276751444500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29043.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27918.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  99052056.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13837320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7354710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24990000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2865780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      950233440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2298409860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2687893440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5985584550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.137693                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6964590500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    401960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4673543500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24368820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12952335                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             56063280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7182720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      950233440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3155404860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1966213440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6172418895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.655374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5079604500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    401960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6558529500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    732955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    732955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28034.232167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28034.232167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28034.232167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28034.232167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    680667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    680667000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    680667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    680667000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26034.308663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26034.308663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26034.308663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26034.308663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25888                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    460947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23699.074550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23699.074550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422049000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    422049000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21699.177378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21699.177378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272008000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272008000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40628.528753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40628.528753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    258618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38628.528753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38628.528753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.706434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1050294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 40.570689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.706434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1136334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1136334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         34419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             47440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            47440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1327717000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1327717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25278.218426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35148.298902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27987.289207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25278.218426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35148.298902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27987.289207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    801213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    801213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23278.218426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33148.452500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25987.331366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23278.218426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33148.452500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25987.331366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     53356                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            47440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870051000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    457666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1327717000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25278.218426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35148.298902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27987.289207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    801213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    431626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23278.218426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33148.452500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25987.331366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.796612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  82850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                53356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.552778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.206819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.427285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.162508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.123451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.481303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.387036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        99876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2324672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5520704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           249690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            126978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           130720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12040094000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16068597000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106088                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197851                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              426078410                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016069                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16068597000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            98                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5205565                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16068586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16068586                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4538415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2480530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       667779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  68014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         68014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               108986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               54138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7393151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7393151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14594776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5952621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      937045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548769                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22375      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5899609     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      641      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     280      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    24826      0.33%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      354      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13176      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   13784      0.18%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923995     12.38%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547377      7.34%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13050      0.17%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1392      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7461563                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        36574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           48707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        36574                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12133                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          48707                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9224                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6580                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15804                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    575273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    971610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    575273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    971610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        64511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        64511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.351627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.244981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.351627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.244981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62366.977450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60233.586626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61478.739560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62366.977450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60233.586626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61478.739560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3847                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3847                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    556825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    940002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    556825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    940002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.351627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.351627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60366.977450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58233.586626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59478.739560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60366.977450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58233.586626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59478.739560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 16280                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        36574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          48707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15804                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    575273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    971610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        64511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.351627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.244981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62366.977450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60233.586626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61478.739560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    556825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    940002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.201406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.351627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60366.977450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58233.586626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59478.739560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1855.979632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              49256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            16280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.025553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   127.155459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   562.274452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1166.549721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.062088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.274548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.569604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.906240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          446                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            92653                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           92653                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1732890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1732890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1732890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1732890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26216.584215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26216.584215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26216.584215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26216.584215                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1600692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1600692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24216.584215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24216.584215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24216.584215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24216.584215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      65843                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1732890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1732890000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26216.584215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26216.584215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1600692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1600692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24216.584215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24216.584215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.918067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5037358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 65843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.505597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.918067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5271664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5271664                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3847                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        35455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        35455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1257664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1257664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1257664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35039000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           84706000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          590336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          421120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1011456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       590336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         590336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       246208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           246208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3847                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36738491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26207640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               62946130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36738491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36738491                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15322308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15322308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15322308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36738491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26207640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78268439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2864.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9224.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5814.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001824920500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           162                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           162                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                37990                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2686                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15804                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3847                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15804                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3847                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     766                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    983                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     170066500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    75190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                452029000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11309.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30059.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8352                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2256                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15804                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3847                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     157.380658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.839322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    176.289269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3958     54.45%     54.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1999     27.50%     81.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          651      8.96%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          256      3.52%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      1.76%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           81      1.11%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           54      0.74%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      0.59%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           99      1.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       92.567901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      67.474299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     168.688911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            142     87.65%     87.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18     11.11%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.537037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.513259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.899544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                40     24.69%     24.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               117     72.22%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      3.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  962432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    49024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   181824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1011456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                246208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      62.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16064625000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      817496.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       590336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       372096                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       181824                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36738490.609976716340                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23156719.905291046947                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11315486.971264509484                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9224                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6580                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3847                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    267525500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    184503500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 377158131750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29003.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28040.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  98039545.55                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19642140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10436250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35328720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5982120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1268002320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3313753710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3379812000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8032957260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.916530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8752899000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    536380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6779318000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              32272800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              17149605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             72042600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8847900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1268002320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4127618520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2694452160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8220385905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.580812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6963107750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    536380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8569109250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1019944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1019944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1019944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1019944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27250.828257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27250.828257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27250.828257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27250.828257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945090000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    945090000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    945090000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25250.881693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25250.881693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25250.881693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25250.881693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37171                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    684611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23617.863180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23617.863180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21617.863180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21617.863180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335333000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    335333000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39726.691150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39726.691150                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    318453000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37726.928089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37726.928089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.532152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1435506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.618977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.532152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1524303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1524303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               39015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              39015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         45798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1152199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1778645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1152199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1778645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          103527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         103527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25158.282021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33474.724805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27570.762029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25158.282021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33474.724805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27570.762029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1060603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589020000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1649623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1060603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589020000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1649623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23158.282021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31474.831677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25570.793031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23158.282021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31474.831677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25570.793031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              39015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1152199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626446000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1778645000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         103527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25158.282021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33474.724805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27570.762029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1060603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1649623000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23158.282021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31474.831677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25570.793031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.850429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 114619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.582873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.826190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.651556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.372683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.116848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.393306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               189718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              189718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               103527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              103526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  220320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3244416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4230336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           330495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            169862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           187135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16068597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20110909000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108991                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34255568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   203884                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              438340725                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20110909000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126872                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1204418                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      670742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20110898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20110898                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5673049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3094342                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               135761                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               67483                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180995                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9268821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9268821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18289757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7469604                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1203407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873840                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28286      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7385128     78.95%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      733      0.01%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     335      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      0.33%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      480      0.01%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16630      0.18%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17348      0.19%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1186954     12.69%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  668854      7.15%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16453      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9354160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        43919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           61306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        43919                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17387                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          61306                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        11180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11180                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8723                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19903                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1233596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1233596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        81209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        81209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62582.468694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.758455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61980.404964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62582.468694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.758455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61980.404964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4787                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4787                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60582.468694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59208.758455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59980.404964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60582.468694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59208.758455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59980.404964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 20989                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        43919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          61306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1233596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        81209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62582.468694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61208.758455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61980.404964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.202907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60582.468694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59208.758455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59980.404964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1894.575910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              75480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            20989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.596169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   121.497518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   557.204367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1215.874025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.059325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.272072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.593688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1312                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          460                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2090158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2090158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26327.392274                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26327.392274                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26327.392274                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26327.392274                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1931376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1931376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1931376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1931376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24327.392274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24327.392274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24327.392274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24327.392274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      79135                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2090158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26327.392274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26327.392274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1931376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1931376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24327.392274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24327.392274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.135537                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6374308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 79135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.549795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.135537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6561216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6561216                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4787                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1580160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1580160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1580160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43838000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          106798000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          715520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          558272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1273792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       715520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         715520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       306368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           306368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4787                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35578700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           27759660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63338360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35578700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35578700                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15233921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15233921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15233921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35578700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          27759660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78572281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3645.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11180.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7824.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001824920500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           207                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           207                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                47881                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3434                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4787                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4787                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     899                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1142                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     222154250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    95020000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                578479250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11689.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30439.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10240                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2856                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19903                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4787                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     151.892617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.520267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    168.445431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5256     55.12%     55.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2680     28.10%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          807      8.46%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          305      3.20%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          164      1.72%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          100      1.05%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           62      0.65%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      0.51%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          113      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.753623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      70.488913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     149.988032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            181     87.44%     87.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           24     11.59%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.48%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.531401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.508014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.891017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                51     24.64%     24.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               151     72.95%     97.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.42%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1216256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    57536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   232256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1273792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                306368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20105286000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      814308.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       715520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       500736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       232256                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35578700.097544074059                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24898725.363433349878                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11548756.945794941857                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11180                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8723                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4787                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    326642500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    251836750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 474542711000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29216.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28870.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  99131546.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26889240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14288175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             46724160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7600320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1587000480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4454306040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3971594880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10108403295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.632839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10280249250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    671320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9159339750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              41204940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21900945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             88964400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11343060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1587000480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5152737870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3383441760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10286593455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.493213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8743940750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    671320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10695648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1404576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1404576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1404576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26908.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26908.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26908.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26908.617188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1300182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1300182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1300182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1300182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24908.655504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24908.655504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24908.655504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24908.655504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      51941                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    994413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23897.839514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23897.839514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    911193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    911193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21897.887578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21897.887578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410163000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    410163000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38742.136583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38742.136583                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388989000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388989000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36742.136583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36742.136583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.028192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1854999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 51941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.713579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.028192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1927303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1927303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           26087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         26111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             81210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            81210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1393599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2249507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1393599000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2249507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          131589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         131589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.617149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25292.636890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32779.594807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27699.876862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25292.636890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32779.594807                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27699.876862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1283401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    803688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2087089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1283401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    803688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2087089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23292.636890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30779.671403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25699.901490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23292.636890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30779.671403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25699.901490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            81210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1393599000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    855908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2249507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         131589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25292.636890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32779.594807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27699.876862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1283401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    803688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2087089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23292.636890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30779.671403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25699.901490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.483496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.591377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.247618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.055638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.180240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.482531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               240596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              240596                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               131589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              131588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       158782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  279991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4416704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5081024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9497728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           396955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            215659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           260985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20110909000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24165350000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112606                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34256124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   210658                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              453519956                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024165                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24165350000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459467                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799745                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24165339                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24165339                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6781611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3705174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1005783                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 100153                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        100153                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               160047                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               79691                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      219956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11123278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11123278                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21962245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8966517                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458344                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799380                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33669      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8854585     78.88%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     387      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    35560      0.32%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      778      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19730      0.18%     79.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20525      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438610     12.82%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797606      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19734      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1774      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11224760                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        53117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           75740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        53117                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22623                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          75740                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        13058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         23897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13058                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10839                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        23897                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1484404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1484404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.239841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.239841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62749.655384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61354.276225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62116.751057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62749.655384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61354.276225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62116.751057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5766                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5766                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        23897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13058                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        23897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    793269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    793269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60749.655384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59354.276225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60116.751057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60749.655384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59354.276225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60116.751057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 25527                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        53117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          75740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        23897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    819385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1484404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.239841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62749.655384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61354.276225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62116.751057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    793269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.197325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.323920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60749.655384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59354.276225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60116.751057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1920.317268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              89062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            25527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.488933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   120.033899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   538.991701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1261.291667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.058610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.263180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.615865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1083                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           141962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          141962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2478402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2478402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2478402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2478402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26204.569725                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26204.569725                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26204.569725                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26204.569725                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2289246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2289246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2289246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2289246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24204.590871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24204.590871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24204.590871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24204.590871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      94322                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2478402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2478402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26204.569725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26204.569725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2289246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2289246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24204.590871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24204.590871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.280576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7570366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 94322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.260872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.280576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7863259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7863259                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23897                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23897                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5766                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        53560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        53560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  53560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1898432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1898432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1898432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            52727000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          128281250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          835712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          693696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1529408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       835712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         835712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       369024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           369024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                23897                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           34583070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28706226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63289296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      34583070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          34583070                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15270791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15270791                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15270791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          34583070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28706226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              78560087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4462.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13058.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9769.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001824920500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           254                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           254                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                57524                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4203                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        23897                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      23897                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1070                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1304                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     269675000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   114135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                697681250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11813.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30563.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3494                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  23897                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     149.781974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    108.640990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.238287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6454     55.40%     55.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3309     28.40%     83.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          949      8.15%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          365      3.13%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          198      1.70%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          114      0.98%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           72      0.62%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           62      0.53%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          127      1.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       89.775591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      69.333358                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     137.680104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            219     86.22%     86.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           32     12.60%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.79%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.488189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.464012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.905548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                67     26.38%     26.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.39%     26.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               181     71.26%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1460928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    68480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   284288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1529408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                369024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24164583000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      814637.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       835712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       625216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       284288                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 34583070.387972861528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 25872416.497174676508                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11764282.329864868894                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13058                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10839                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5766                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    383666250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    314015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 569133935250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29381.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28970.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  98705157.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              31216080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16591740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             53335800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7845660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1907227920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5193803520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4905765120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12115785840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.370178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12701380250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    806780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10657189750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              51986340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27620010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            109648980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15341580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1907227920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6394104390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3894985440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12400914660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.169255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10061337500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    806780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13297232500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1752957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1752957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1752957000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26969.813991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26969.813991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26969.813991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26969.813991                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1622963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1622963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1622963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24969.813991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24969.813991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24969.813991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24969.813991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      64741                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1281110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1281110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24370.993209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24370.993209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1175976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1175976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22370.993209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22370.993209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    471847000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37960.337892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37960.337892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446987000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446987000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35960.337892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35960.337892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.359020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2188522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 64741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.804266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.359020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2324147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2324147                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               59938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              59938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         66176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1078347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2731891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1078347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2731891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          159576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         159576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.624392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24987.064797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32226.017572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27418.163753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24987.064797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32226.017572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27418.163753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1521194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2532617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1521194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2532617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22987.095019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30226.017572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25418.183825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22987.095019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30226.017572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25418.183825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    111801                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              59938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1653544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1078347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2731891000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         159576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24987.064797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32226.017572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27418.163753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1521194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2532617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22987.095019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30226.017572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25418.183825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.905713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 176739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               111801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.580836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.168484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.138326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.598903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.109704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               291422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              291422                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               159576                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              159575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  338684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6052992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           472890000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           324985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24165350000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28137175000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118188                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34256552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   220592                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              475064870                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028137                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28137175000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699508                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           157                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931680                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9064306                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28137175                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28137175                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7912194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4333576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1174881                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               179667                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               89396                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12950107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12950107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25589716                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10441214                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698268                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38192      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10309024     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1041      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       917      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     428      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    39524      0.30%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      834      0.01%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22396      0.17%     79.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23178      0.18%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 229      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676039     12.83%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929309      7.11%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22229      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1931      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13065287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        64187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           90124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        64187                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25937                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          90124                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        14380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         26741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14380                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12361                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        26741                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    903736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    762486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1666222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    903736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    762486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1666222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.183028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.183028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62846.731572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61684.815144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62309.636887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62846.731572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61684.815144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62309.636887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         7130                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             7130                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        26741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        26741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.183028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.183028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60846.731572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59684.815144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60309.636887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60846.731572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59684.815144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60309.636887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 29394                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        64187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          90124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        26741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    903736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    762486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1666222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.183028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62846.731572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61684.815144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62309.636887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    874976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737764000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1612740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.183028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.322758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60846.731572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59684.815144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60309.636887                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1938.340878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             133882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            31442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.258062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.855138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   530.435382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1285.050357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.059988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.259002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.627466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           165324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          165324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2876249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2876249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2876249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2876249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25604.894420                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25604.894420                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25604.894420                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25604.894420                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2651585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2651585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2651585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2651585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23604.894420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23604.894420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23604.894420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23604.894420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     112076                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2876249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2876249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25604.894420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25604.894420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2651585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2651585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23604.894420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23604.894420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.382129                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9064306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                112332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.692109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.382129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9176638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9176638                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               26741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              26741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        60612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        60612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2167744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2167744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2167744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            62391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          143629250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          920320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          791104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1711424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       920320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         920320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       456320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           456320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            14380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                26741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7130                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           32708330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28115971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60824301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      32708330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          32708330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16217691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16217691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16217691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          32708330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28115971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              77041992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5274.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     14380.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11143.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001824920500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           299                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           299                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                65287                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4965                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        26741                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7130                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      26741                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7130                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     307442000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   127615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                785998250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12045.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30795.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13246                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4154                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  26741                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7130                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     147.250748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.925350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    164.129208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7563     56.58%     56.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3724     27.86%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1036      7.75%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          406      3.04%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          219      1.64%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          124      0.93%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           77      0.58%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           76      0.57%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          143      1.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       84.986622                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      65.338024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     127.992265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            263     87.96%     87.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           33     11.04%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.67%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.548495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.525530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.882429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                71     23.75%     23.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.33%     24.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               219     73.24%     97.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      2.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1633472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    77952                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   335808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1711424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                456320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         58.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28137001000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      830710.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       920320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       713152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       335808                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 32708329.816337283701                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 25345543.751282777637                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11934673.612400677055                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        14380                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12361                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7130                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    423881750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    362116500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 662357331000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29477.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29295.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  92897241.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              33486600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              17798550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             56584500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8430300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2220694320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5676930960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6024101760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14038026990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.913874                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15603613000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    939380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11594182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              61975200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              32933010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            125649720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18959040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2220694320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7577215770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4423861920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14461288980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.956678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11423850250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    939380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15773944750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2008860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2008860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2008860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26976.150830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26976.150830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26976.150830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26976.150830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1859924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1859924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24976.150830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24976.150830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24976.150830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24976.150830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      74212                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1480060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1480060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24600.016621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24600.016621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1359730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1359730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22600.016621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22600.016621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    528800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36971.264770                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36971.264770                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    500194000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    500194000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34971.264770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34971.264770                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.590660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 74468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.332223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.590660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2705588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2705588                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               69935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              69935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         78567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1896347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3131985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1896347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3131985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          186800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         186800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.625616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24136.685886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32263.773565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26800.025671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24136.685886                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32263.773565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26800.025671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1739213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1159042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2898255000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1739213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1159042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2898255000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22136.685886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30263.773565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24800.025671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22136.685886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30263.773565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24800.025671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    131074                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              69935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1896347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3131985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         186800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24136.685886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32263.773565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26800.025671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1739213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1159042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2898255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22136.685886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30263.773565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24800.025671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.201341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 209581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               131586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.592730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.779166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.139036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   205.283138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.106991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.488553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.400944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               341167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              341167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       224664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  396381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6223936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7189248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13413184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           561660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            300705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           372340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28137175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
