
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4023637000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92034                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   174671                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              370292749                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000024                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004024                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4023637000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      224662                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            81                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4023626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4023626                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1153911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24024                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24024                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                38683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               19045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1874791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1874791                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3674306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1506926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368510                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     144146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7478      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1502910     79.18%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      314      0.02%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       217      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     9070      0.48%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      138      0.01%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4544      0.24%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4704      0.25%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   219921     11.59%     92.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143441      7.56%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4443      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                705      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1897999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            8141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1737                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           8141                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4798                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175606000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    297345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175606000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    297345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.306251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.531553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.370817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.306251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.531553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.370817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62117.438981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61765.093861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61972.696957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62117.438981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61765.093861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61972.696957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.306251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.531553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.306251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.531553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60117.438981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59765.093861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59972.696957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60117.438981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59765.093861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59972.696957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2252                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           8141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    175606000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    297345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.306251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.531553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.370817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62117.438981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61765.093861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61972.696957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    169952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.306251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.531553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60117.438981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59765.093861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59972.696957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2729                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2033.083372                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.924956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    46.352520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1090.362373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   896.368478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.266202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.218840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.496358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.666016                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20648                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    416842000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    416842000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29825.558100                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29825.558100                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29825.558100                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29825.558100                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    388890000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    388890000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27825.558100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27825.558100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27825.558100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27825.558100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13720                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416842000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29825.558100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29825.558100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    388890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27825.558100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27825.558100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.852364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1213720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 88.463557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.852364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.983798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323619                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6678000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25676750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          180928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          126144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              307072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       180928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         180928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        24064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            24064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2827                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           44966283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           31350741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76317024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      44966283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          44966283                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5980659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5980659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5980659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          44966283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          31350741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              82297682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       351.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2827.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1955.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002521820500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            19                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10957                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 311                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4798                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4798                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      47816000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                137478500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9999.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28749.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3107                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      266                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4798                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.493656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.852170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.187659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           682     39.33%     39.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          582     33.56%     72.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          267     15.40%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           69      3.98%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           61      3.52%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      1.44%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           20      1.15%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.46%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      242.368421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     114.912699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     483.072828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             10     52.63%     52.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7     36.84%     89.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      5.26%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      5.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.210526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.183845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.976328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     36.84%     36.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      5.26%     42.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11     57.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             19                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  306048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   307072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 24064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4020485000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      777055.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       180928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       125120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 44966282.992228172719                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31096244.517087399960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5201264.428177790716                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2827                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1971                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     81341250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     56137250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  70848868750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28772.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28481.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 188427842.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4441080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2360490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11245500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              271440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         786025440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         883160640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2004658830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.220597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2287867250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    134160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1601609750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7953960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4220040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22897980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1435500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1151021520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         575795520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2080478760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         517.064228                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1486108250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    134160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2403368750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    265203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    265203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30047.926581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30047.926581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30047.926581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30047.926581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28048.153184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28048.153184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28048.153184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28048.153184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8569                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    132276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22082.804674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22082.804674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    120298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20083.138564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20083.138564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132927000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132927000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46871.297602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46871.297602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    127255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127255000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44871.297602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44871.297602                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.844723                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  338829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.541253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.844723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                377683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               377683                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    455956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    455956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.567494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31411.006392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44756.268536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35236.166924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31411.006392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44756.268536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35236.166924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    430078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    430078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29411.006392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42756.807765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33236.321484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29411.006392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42756.807765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33236.321484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     14800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    289955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    455956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31411.006392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44756.268536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35236.166924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    430078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29411.006392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42756.807765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33236.321484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.303240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                14800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.661757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.279698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.394178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   164.629363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.481239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.321542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.977155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42449                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       842240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       894464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             44477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4023637000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7854651000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105447                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34260384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197873                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              414023294                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007855                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7854651000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            446298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468436                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2600713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7854640                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7854640                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2304360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1247663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       335300                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41819                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41819                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                67125                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               33216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3713499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3713499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7308226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2994959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467935                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        739025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12548      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2969376     79.10%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      438      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       322      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    15174      0.40%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      276      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8146      0.22%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8445      0.22%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  54      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459947     12.25%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270122      7.20%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7988      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                968      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3753971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           18038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13750                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4288                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          18038                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4175                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2820                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6995                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    433905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    433905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.232915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.279431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.232915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.279431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61711.137725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62503.900709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62030.736240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61711.137725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62503.900709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62030.736240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          564                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              564                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419915000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419915000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.232915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.232915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59711.137725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60503.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60030.736240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59711.137725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60503.900709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60030.736240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4194                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          18038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    433905000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.232915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.279431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61711.137725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62503.900709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62030.736240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    249294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    419915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.232915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.279431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59711.137725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60503.900709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60030.736240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4715                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2509.084522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.635432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.416998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1198.788381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1255.879143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.292673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.306611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.612569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.756836                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            37042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           37042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    750646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    750646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26245.445963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26245.445963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26245.445963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26245.445963                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    693444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    693444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    693444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    693444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24245.445963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24245.445963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24245.445963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24245.445963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28345                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    750646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    750646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26245.445963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26245.445963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    693444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    693444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24245.445963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24245.445963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.875325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2453937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.573893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.875325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2629314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2629314                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       483776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       483776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  483776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37442000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          267200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          180480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              447680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       267200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         267200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        36096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            36096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           34018061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22977469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               56995530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      34018061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          34018061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4595494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4595494                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4595494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          34018061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22977469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              61591024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4175.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2779.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003201576500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            27                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            27                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16473                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 447                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6995                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6995                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      41                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     68                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      70618750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                201006250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10155.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28905.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4398                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      383                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6995                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.742619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.909135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.144177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1141     43.19%     43.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          843     31.91%     75.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          360     13.63%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          113      4.28%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           84      3.18%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      1.21%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      1.06%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.68%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      253.592593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     143.322658                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     412.939673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             11     40.74%     40.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11     40.74%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      7.41%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      3.70%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      3.70%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      3.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             27                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.444444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.421733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.891556                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     25.93%     25.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.70%     29.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                19     70.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             27                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  445056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    30144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   447680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 36096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         56.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      57.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7852560000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1038835.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       267200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       177856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        30144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 34018061.400818444788                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22643399.433023821563                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3837726.208331853151                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4175                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2820                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          564                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    118431000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     82575250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 164389895250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28366.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29282.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 291471445.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6347460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3373755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15122520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              615960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      619557120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1338371970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1889136000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3872524785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.023151                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4897512750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    262080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2695058250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12530700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6652635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             34529040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1842660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      619557120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1972759740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1354914720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4002786615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.607189                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3503185250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    262080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4089385750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    452184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    452184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26834.253160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26834.253160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26834.253160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26834.253160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    418484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24834.371847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24834.371847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24834.371847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24834.371847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16594                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    244105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20729.025136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20729.025136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18729.194973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18729.194973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    208079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41000.788177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41000.788177                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    197929000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197929000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39000.788177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39000.788177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.334625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  700280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.200795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.334625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756484                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263025000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    745344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263025000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    745344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26907.615063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36998.874666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29773.268355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26907.615063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36998.874666                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29773.268355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446469000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    695278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24907.615063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34999.155999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27773.348246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24907.615063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34999.155999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27773.348246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28614                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    482319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263025000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    745344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26907.615063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36998.874666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29773.268355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446469000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24907.615063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34999.155999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27773.348246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.008198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.758999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.645079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.780300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.582818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.149697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.354654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82024                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   98349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1554944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             82682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            84250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7854651000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11783134000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113231                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34260916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   211433                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              444711789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011783                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11783134000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            663189                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692387                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      418160                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912749                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11783123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11783123                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3411540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  54853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         54853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                88114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5546454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5546454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10948334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4464809                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      691678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109633                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417955                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17736      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4431323     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      620      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     222      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20300      0.36%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      282      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10526      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10985      0.20%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681279     12.16%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  416762      7.44%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10399      0.19%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5602178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        24408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        24408                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6989                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31397                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5432                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3475                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8907                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    554189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    554189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.182038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.332091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.182038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.332091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61730.670103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62983.597122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62219.490289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61730.670103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62983.597122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62219.490289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          688                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              688                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5432                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    536375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    536375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.182038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.332091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.182038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.332091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59730.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60983.597122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60219.490289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59730.670103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60983.597122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60219.490289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6037                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        24408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    335321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    554189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.182038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.332091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61730.670103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62983.597122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62219.490289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    324457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    536375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.182038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.332091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59730.670103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60983.597122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60219.490289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2731.774261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.640384                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    55.472102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1161.594242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1514.707917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.283592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.369802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.666937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794189                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            55868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           55868                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1167044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1167044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1167044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1167044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24235.157305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24235.157305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24235.157305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24235.157305                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1070736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1070736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22235.198837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22235.198837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22235.198837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22235.198837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      47898                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1167044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1167044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24235.157305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24235.157305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1070736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22235.198837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22235.198837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.583689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3664782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 47898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.512213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.583689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960903                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          688                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       614080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       614080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  614080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47689750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          347648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          222400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              570048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       347648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         347648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        44032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            44032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8907                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29503865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18874435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               48378301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29503865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29503865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3736867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3736867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3736867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29503865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18874435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52115167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       591.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5432.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3427.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004846932500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            32                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21416                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 530                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8907                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         688                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8907                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       688                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     97                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      91469750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    44295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                257576000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10325.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29075.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5511                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      452                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8907                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   688                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     174.457887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.777481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    172.874689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1585     45.88%     45.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1043     30.19%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          428     12.39%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          172      4.98%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      3.33%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.84%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.69%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           24      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      267.687500                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     161.699953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     383.824425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             11     34.38%     34.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13     40.62%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      6.25%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      9.38%     90.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      3.12%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      3.12%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.468750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.446513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.879310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     25.00%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      3.12%     28.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     71.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  566976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    35776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   570048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 44032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         48.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      48.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11768310000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1226504.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       347648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       219328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        35776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29503865.440213102847                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18613723.649412795901                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3036204.120228115935                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5432                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3475                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          688                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    154192000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    103384000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 241458943250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28385.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29750.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 350957766.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6690180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3555915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15493800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              793440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      929950320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1452510480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3301557120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5710551255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.637725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8568179750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    393380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2821574250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17978520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9555810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             47759460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2124540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      929950320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2942762940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2046607680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5996739270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.925662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5291483500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    393380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6098270500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    610409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    610409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25711.174761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25711.174761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25711.174761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25711.174761                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23711.174761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23711.174761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23711.174761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23711.174761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23485                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    346429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20491.482314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20491.482314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    312617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312617000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18491.482314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18491.482314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263980000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263980000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38621.799561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38621.799561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250310000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250310000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36621.799561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36621.799561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.556657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1028860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.809240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.556657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1134257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1134257                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1060327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1060327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.560601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23872.423846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33252.102446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26307.579705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23872.423846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33252.102446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26307.579705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    652697000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    979719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    652697000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    979719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21872.490868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31252.102446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24307.629326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21872.490868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31252.102446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24307.629326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              31591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    712377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1060327000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23872.423846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33252.102446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26307.579705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    652697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327022000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    979719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21872.490868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31252.102446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24307.629326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.005858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.730980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.754464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.232495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.018898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.494595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               127783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              127783                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        96309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  153991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3081856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5254080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           240770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11783134000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15695337000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218705                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              459640643                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015695                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15695337000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937156                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5204945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15695326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15695326                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4543880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2481240                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       668008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  69480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         69480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               111465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               55377                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7397801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7397801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14603538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5957286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      936291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22869      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5904877     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      773      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     282      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25590      0.34%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      356      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13406      0.18%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14025      0.19%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923015     12.36%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547595      7.33%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13276      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1388      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7468156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        33401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        33401                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11298                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44699                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6930                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4293                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11223                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    695866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    695866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        55922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        55922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.275351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.200690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.275351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.200690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.144300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62977.638015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62003.564109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.144300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62977.638015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62003.564109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          807                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              807                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    673420000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    673420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.275351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.275351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.144300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60977.638015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60003.564109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.144300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60977.638015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60003.564109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8164                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        33401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    695866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        55922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.275351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.200690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61400.144300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62977.638015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62003.564109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261777000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    673420000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.171828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.275351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.200690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59400.144300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60977.638015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60003.564109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8777                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2884.447568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              22607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.769108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.723880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1086.745641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1737.978048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.014581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.265319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.424311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.704211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2057                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.850830                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            76348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           76348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1534151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1534151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1534151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1534151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23971.858496                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23971.858496                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23971.858496                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23971.858496                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1406155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1406155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21971.858496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21971.858496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21971.858496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21971.858496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63742                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1534151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1534151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23971.858496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23971.858496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1406155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21971.858496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21971.858496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.936717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4863135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.294045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.936717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5268943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5268943                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          807                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       769920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       769920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  769920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15258000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           60064250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          443520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          274752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              718272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       443520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         443520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        51648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            51648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 807                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28258074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17505327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45763401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28258074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28258074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3290659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3290659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3290659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28258074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17505327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              49054060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       703.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6930.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4220.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005459848750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27119                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 645                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11223                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         807                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       807                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      73                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     113217500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    55750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                322280000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10154.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28904.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6969                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11223                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   807                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     175.543705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.407211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    175.411648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1945     45.10%     45.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1360     31.53%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          511     11.85%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          189      4.38%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          159      3.69%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           45      1.04%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.86%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      0.81%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           32      0.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      283.205128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     179.865062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     360.622574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     30.77%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15     38.46%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4     10.26%     79.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4     10.26%     89.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      2.56%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      2.56%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      2.56%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.461538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.438936                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.883955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                10     25.64%     25.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.56%     28.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     71.79%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  713600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    43584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   718272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 51648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         45.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15691521000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1304365.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       443520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       270080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        43584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28258074.356734104455                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17207658.554894361645                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2776875.705185559113                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6930                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4293                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          807                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    194448500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    127831500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 347546704000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28058.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29776.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 430665060.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7354200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3905055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16736160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              824760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1238499600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1678600980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4613450880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7559371635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.631687                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11976443250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    523900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3194993750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23447760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12462780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             62874840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2730060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1238499600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3894623040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2747327040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7981965120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.556466                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7103912750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    523900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8067524250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    837330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    837330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24501.960555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24501.960555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24501.960555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24501.960555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    768984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    768984000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    768984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    768984000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22502.019079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22502.019079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22502.019079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22502.019079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33917                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    511007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20091.491704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20091.491704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    460139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18091.491704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18091.491704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326323000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    326323000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37336.727689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37336.727689                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308845000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35336.956522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35336.956522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.165682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1408082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.515523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.165682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1520528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1520528                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           23667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    935946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464460000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1400406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    935946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1400406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           98172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          98172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.569643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23206.615259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29788.353002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25041.682313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23206.615259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29788.353002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25041.682313                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    855284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    855284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21206.615259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27788.481272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23041.718077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21206.615259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27788.481272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23041.718077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     63003                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    935946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464460000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1400406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          98172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23206.615259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29788.353002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25041.682313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    855284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21206.615259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27788.481272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23041.718077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.001433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 108216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                63003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.717632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.743740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.572932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   182.684761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.495260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.356806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175507                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                98172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               98171                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  210163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3071552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4095872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            167272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15695337000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19583688000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118166                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34262544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221239                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              462816986                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019584                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19583688000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126928                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9361506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1203540                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           121                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      671094                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           182                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19583677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19583677                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5679201                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3095363                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  86761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         86761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               138948                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69080                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9274061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9274061                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18298987                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7474583                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1202403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873191                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670788                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28811      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7390929     78.95%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     337      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    31426      0.34%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      494      0.01%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16986      0.18%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17715      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1185586     12.66%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  669209      7.15%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16817      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9361554                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        40732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        40732                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16930                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57662                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7925                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13334                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    827481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    827481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.162875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.187813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.162875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.187813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61311.293375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63151.968941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62057.972101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61311.293375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63151.968941                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62057.972101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1317                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1317                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    800813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    800813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.162875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.162875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59311.293375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61151.968941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60057.972101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59311.293375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61151.968941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60057.972101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10241                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        40732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    485892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    827481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.162875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.187813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61311.293375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63151.968941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62057.972101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    470042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    800813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.162875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59311.293375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61151.968941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60057.972101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11091                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3022.850036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              33335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.255053                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.900460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1020.464596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1938.484980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.249137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.473263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.738000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3698                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.902832                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            96026                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           96026                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6404453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6404453                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1823556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1823556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23634.049612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23634.049612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23634.049612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23634.049612                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1669240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1669240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21634.049612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21634.049612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21634.049612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21634.049612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      76902                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6404453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1823556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1823556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23634.049612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23634.049612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1669240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1669240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21634.049612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21634.049612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.147833                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6316385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 76902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.135510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.147833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6558769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6558769                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1317                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        27985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  937664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           71368000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          507200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          346176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              853376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       507200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         507200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        84288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            84288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1317                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1317                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25899105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17676752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               43575858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25899105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25899105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4303990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4303990                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4303990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25899105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17676752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47879848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7925.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5289.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005459848750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            63                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            63                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32752                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1045                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1317                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1317                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    183                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     136189750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    66070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                383952250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10306.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29056.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8162                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      893                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1317                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     174.091185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.140039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    175.094220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2418     45.93%     45.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1643     31.21%     77.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          599     11.38%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          224      4.26%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          196      3.72%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      1.18%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.78%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      0.82%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           38      0.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      206.777778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     118.411862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     302.566092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             32     50.79%     50.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           18     28.57%     79.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      7.94%     87.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      6.35%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      1.59%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.59%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.59%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      1.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.539683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.519078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.839074                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                14     22.22%     22.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.59%     23.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                48     76.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  845696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    70720                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   853376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 84288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      43.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19577331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1336245.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       507200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       338496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        70720                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25899105.418754629791                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17284589.092718388885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3611168.641984084155                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7925                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5409                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1317                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    221668750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    162283500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 439880141250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27970.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30002.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 334001625.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10117380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5377515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22491000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2328120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1545819600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2340812160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5548926240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9475872015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.865553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14401718000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    653900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4528070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27467580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14599365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             71856960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3439980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1545819600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4583631060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3660236640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9907051185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.882814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9470022250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    653900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9459765750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1827179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1827254                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47332                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1130830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1130830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1130830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1130830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1874511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1874586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23891.447646                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23891.447646                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23891.447646                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23891.447646                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1036168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1036168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1036168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1036168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21891.489901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21891.489901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21891.489901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21891.489901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47075                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1166958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    732537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1203465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20065.658641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20065.658641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    659525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    659525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18065.713425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18065.713425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    398293000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         671046                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36793.810624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36793.810624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34793.810624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34793.810624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.529887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1846835                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.231758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.529887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1921917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1921917                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1102583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    621178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1723761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1102583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    621178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1723761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          124490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         124490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.570303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22660.316090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27805.640107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24279.349832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22660.316090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27805.640107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24279.349832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20660.316090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25805.729633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22279.378002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20660.316090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25805.729633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22279.378002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     79985                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1102583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    621178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1723761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         124490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.570303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22660.316090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27805.640107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24279.349832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1005269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    576500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20660.316090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25805.729633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22279.378002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.596800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 139469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.743689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.991580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.160861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   188.444359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.492502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.368055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222165                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222165                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               124490                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              124489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4128576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4938112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9066688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           385790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            210380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19583688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23499175000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34263044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228206                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477383818                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023499                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23499175000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1355238                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11233423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459459                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           154                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799879                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768303                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           183                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23499164                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23499164                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6788510                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3706074                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1006313                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 101313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        101313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               161946                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               80670                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      220166                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11130287                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11130287                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21974835                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8973129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458186                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34186      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8861653     78.89%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      997      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     389      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    36256      0.32%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      770      0.01%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19868      0.18%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20720      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438270     12.80%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797747      7.10%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19916      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1770      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11233479                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        48980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           71562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        48980                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22582                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          71562                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6500                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15353                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    543549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    950340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    543549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    950340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        86915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        86915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.176644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.176644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61397.153507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62583.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61899.303068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61397.153507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62583.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61899.303068                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2228                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2228                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    919634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    919634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59397.153507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60583.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59899.303068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59397.153507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60583.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59899.303068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12720                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        48980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          71562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    543549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    950340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        57833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        86915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.176644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61397.153507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62583.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61899.303068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    525843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59397.153507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60583.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59899.303068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3163.754573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              45807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.601179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.538873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   980.073859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2117.141840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.016245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.239276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.516880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.772401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3979                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1539                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971436                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           117215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          117215                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7676771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7676771                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              91532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             91532                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2131923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2131923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2131923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2131923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23291.559236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23291.559236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23291.559236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23291.559236                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1948861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1948861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1948861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1948861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21291.581086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21291.581086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21291.581086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21291.581086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      91275                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7676771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             91532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2131923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2131923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23291.559236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23291.559236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        91532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1948861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1948861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21291.581086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21291.581086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.289823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7496801                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 91275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.134221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.289823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7859834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7859834                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2228                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        32934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        32934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  32934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1125184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1125184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1125184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            26493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           82167750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          566592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          416000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              982592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       566592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         566592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       142592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           142592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24111144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17702749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41813893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24111144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24111144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6067958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6067958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6067958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24111144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17702749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47881851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1618.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8853.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6258.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005459848750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            90                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            90                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                38454                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1501                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15353                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2228                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15353                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2228                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    610                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     157366250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    75555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                440697500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10414.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29164.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9184                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15353                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2228                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     171.950442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.065643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    176.051826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2935     47.22%     47.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1901     30.59%     77.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          665     10.70%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          263      4.23%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          239      3.85%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           68      1.09%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      0.71%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.76%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           53      0.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           90                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      167.755556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.793108                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     265.584592                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             52     57.78%     57.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           23     25.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      7.78%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      4.44%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      1.11%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.11%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      1.11%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      1.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             90                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           90                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.633333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.613933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.813510                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                17     18.89%     18.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.11%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                70     77.78%     97.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             90                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  967104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   101568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   982592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                142592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         41.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23496267000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1336457.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       566592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       400512                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       101568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24111144.327407237142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17043662.171118773520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4322194.289799535647                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8853                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6500                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2228                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    248385250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    192312250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 546882375500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28056.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29586.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 245458875.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12430740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6607095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26232360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2886660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1854983520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2890763550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6589356000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11383259925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.411045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17100682750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    784680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5613812250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              31944360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16978830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             81660180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5397480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1854983520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5392958100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4482244800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11866167270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.961015                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11598740250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    784678750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11115756000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2198646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2198721                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              60561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60561                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1419521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1419521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23439.523786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23439.523786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23439.523786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23439.523786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 21000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         60561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1298399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1298399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1298399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1298399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21439.523786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21439.523786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21439.523786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21439.523786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60305                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1412156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    948791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20089.586686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20089.586686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18089.586686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18089.586686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             786490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    470730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016670                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35305.632641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35305.632641                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    444064000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    444064000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016670                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33305.632641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33305.632641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.774840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2237261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.099096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.774840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2319843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2319843                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         57834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             86916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            86916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1277672000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2049529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1277672000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2049529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          152093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         152093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.571466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22092.056576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26540.712468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23580.572047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22092.056576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26540.712468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23580.572047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1162006000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1162006000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20092.091157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24540.712468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21580.595057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20092.091157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24540.712468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21580.595057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     98083                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            86916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1277672000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771857000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2049529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        91532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         152093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.571466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22092.056576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26540.712468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23580.572047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        57834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        86916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1162006000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.631845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20092.091157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24540.712468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21580.595057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.997227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 170601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                98083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.739353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.910300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.864102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   193.222825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.488016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.377388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               271688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              271688                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               152093                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              152092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         21000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  325185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5219904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5857984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11077888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           457655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257093000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           302805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23499175000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27367819000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127584                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34263516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238284                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              498809470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27367819000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13073730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699826                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931623                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9063726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27367819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27367819                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7919169                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4334652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1175418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113507                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               181441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               90306                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12956928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12956928                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25602448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10447881                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698437                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629626                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931189                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38706      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10315792     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1174      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       924      0.01%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     429      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    40204      0.31%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      820      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22518      0.17%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23357      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 226      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676055     12.82%     92.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929265      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22382      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1924      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13073792                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        58191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           83807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        58191                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25616                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          83807                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10141                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17393                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    451261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1073298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    451261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1073298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       101200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61338.822601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62225.730833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.618410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61338.822601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62225.730833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.618410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2746                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2746                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59338.822601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60225.730833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.618410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59338.822601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60225.730833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.618410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 15126                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        58191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          83807                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    622037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    451261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1073298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61338.822601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62225.730833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61708.618410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1038512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.148408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.220640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59338.822601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60225.730833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59708.618410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15261                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3287.498499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             116461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.073902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.726813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   944.515893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2271.255793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.017511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.230595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.554506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.802612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           135635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          135635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8955296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8955296                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             108430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            108430                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2503723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2503723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2503723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2503723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9063726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23090.685235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23090.685235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23090.685235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23090.685235                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        108430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2286863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2286863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2286863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2286863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21090.685235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21090.685235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21090.685235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21090.685235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     108174                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8955296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            108430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2503723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2503723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9063726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23090.685235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23090.685235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2286863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2286863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21090.685235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21090.685235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.390212                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9063726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                108430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.590575                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.390212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9172156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9172156                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17393                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1288896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1288896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1288896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31123000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           93054500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          649024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          464128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1113152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       649024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         649024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       175744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           175744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23714860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16958896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40673756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23714860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23714860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6421557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6421557                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6421557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23714860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16958896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47095313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1876.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10141.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6895.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005459848750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           105                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           105                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43808                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1748                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17393                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2746                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17393                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2746                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     357                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     177373750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                496798750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10411.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29161.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10379                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1512                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17393                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2746                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.745064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.797990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.640628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3357     48.03%     48.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2065     29.54%     77.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          723     10.34%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          318      4.55%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          284      4.06%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           84      1.20%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           46      0.66%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      0.83%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      0.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.057143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      79.428316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     246.868457                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             58     55.24%     55.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           32     30.48%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      6.67%     92.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      3.81%     96.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.95%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.95%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.95%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.95%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.590476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.569754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.840046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     20.95%     20.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.95%     21.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                80     76.19%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1090304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    22848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   118208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1113152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                175744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         39.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27366833000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1358897.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       649024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       441280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       118208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23714860.142856102437                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16124047.005718650296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4319233.476368723437                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10141                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2746                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    283931500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    212867250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 633604618250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27998.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29352.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 230737297.25                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12594960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6694380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26353740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2949300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2159844960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2983801800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7996567680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13188806820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.909312                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20758165500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5696013500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              37327920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              19832670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             95283300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6692040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2159844960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6361446810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5152235040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13832662740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.435334                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13330456750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    913640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13123722250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2563000                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68387                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1595111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1595111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1595111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1595111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23324.769328                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23324.769328                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23324.769328                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23324.769328                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23707                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68387                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1458337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1458337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1458337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21324.769328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21324.769328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21324.769328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21324.769328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1646583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             53168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1069568000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1069568000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20116.761962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20116.761962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    963232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18116.761962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18116.761962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             916342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15219                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525543000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    525543000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016337                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34532.032328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34532.032328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495105000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32532.032328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32532.032328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.948026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.477883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.948026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2699774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2699774                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           40098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75617                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         68332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         32868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            101200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           101200                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1490071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    864041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2354112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1490071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    864041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2354112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          176817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         176817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.572343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21806.342563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26288.213460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23261.976285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21806.342563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26288.213460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23261.976285                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1353407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2151712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1353407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2151712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19806.342563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24288.213460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21261.976285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19806.342563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24288.213460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21261.976285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    113804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          40098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           101200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1490071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    864041000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2354112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       108430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         176817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.572343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21806.342563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26288.213460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23261.976285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        68332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       101200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1353407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2151712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.480618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.572343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19806.342563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24288.213460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21261.976285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23707                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.280334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 200524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               114316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.754120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    66.616006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.020392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   192.643935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.490274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.376258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               314840                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              314840                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              176817                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       160481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       216860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  377341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5894016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6939520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12833536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           542150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            295352000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           341935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27367819000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
