
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18008790000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  40549                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34257800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    73473                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              730227080                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018009                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18008790000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            201773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      200970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      245962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         96154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1251641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18008779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18008779                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              794543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       199566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1857592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1857592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3422692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1410407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      200926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        446887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     245961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1410399     75.83%     75.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.01%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.05%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.02%     75.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.02%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   200610     10.79%     86.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  245785     13.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.02%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1860066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        193196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       193196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11766838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  11804163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11766838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  11804163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       193299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       193299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61103.259543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61099.417172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61103.259543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61099.417172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       188192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           188192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       193196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       193196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11381692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11417771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11381692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11417771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59103.259543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59099.417172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59103.259543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59099.417172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                188231                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       193196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11766838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11804163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       193299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61103.259543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61099.417172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11381692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11417771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59103.259543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59099.417172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4874.698402                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             376427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           188231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   587.684965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4287.013437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.074382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           578797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          578797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.344010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.344010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.962281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1252398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1252398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       188192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       574584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       574584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 574584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     24408832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     24408832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24408832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1134156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1022438000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        12324672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            12364544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12044288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12044288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           192573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               193196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        188192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              188192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2214030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          684369799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              686583829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2214030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2214030                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       668800514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             668800514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       668800514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2214030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         684369799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1355384343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    188192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    192573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023302250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11760                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11760                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               567448                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              176403                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       193196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      188192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     193196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    188192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              12142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              12056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              12103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              12026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             12079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             12072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              11760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              11756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              11760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              11763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              11760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              11760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              11761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              11760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             11760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             11761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             11762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             11763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             11761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1749811750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5372236750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9057.18                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27807.18                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    166623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   162395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 193196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                188192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   193195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        52328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.314019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    445.926015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    106.375782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            93      0.18%      0.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2369      4.53%      4.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4562      8.72%     13.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2255      4.31%     17.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        43025     82.22%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         52328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.427211                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.008071                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      46.300596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          11759     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.027664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11759     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                12364544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12042432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 12364544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12044288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        686.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        668.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     686.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     668.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18008746000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       47218.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     12324672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12042432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2214029.926497004926                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 684369799.414619207382                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 668697452.743910074234                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       192573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       188192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5355674500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 432797853000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27811.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299767.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             186889500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              99307560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            689367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           491149800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1421047680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7506666300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         593972160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10988400000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         610.168701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1482775000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    601120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15924895000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             186825240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              99277200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            690052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           491061060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1421047680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7497506400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         601685760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10987455780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         610.116270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1502903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    601120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15904766250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15042535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15042535000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15042535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15042535000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.483133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.483131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78061.530558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78061.530558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78061.530558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78061.530558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14657135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14657135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14657135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14657135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.483131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76061.540936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76061.540936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76061.540936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76061.540936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     192514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15029143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15029143000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.972596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78087.262166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78087.262166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14644213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14644213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.972596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76087.272557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76087.272557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.568901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  199265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                192514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.035068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.568901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.724879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.724879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                591559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               591559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        192585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            193300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           193300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13885284000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13930658000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13885284000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13930658000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          193458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         193458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72099.509308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72067.553026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72099.509308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72067.553026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13500116000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13544060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13500116000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13544060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70099.519693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70067.563373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70099.519693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70067.563373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    192911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           193300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13885284000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13930658000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       192701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         193458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72099.509308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72067.553026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       192585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13500116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13544060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70099.519693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70067.563373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              441.870879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 385270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               192911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.941939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.200135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.728805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.529688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.863029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               579231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              579231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               193458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              193457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        192419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       577820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     24647616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 24696064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1155553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18008790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                36547503000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  45729                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261336                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    82587                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              835641356                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3611993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.036548                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 36547503000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            401773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3611993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      400970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      495962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        196154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2501641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         36547492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   36547492                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1594543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       399566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3707592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3707592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6822692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2810407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      400926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        896887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     495961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2810399     75.75%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.03%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   400610     10.80%     86.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  495785     13.36%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3710066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        393196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       393196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24005551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  24042876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24005551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  24042876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       393299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       393299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61149.266506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61147.305669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61149.266506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61147.305669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       388192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           388192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       393196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       393196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23220405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23256484000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23220405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23256484000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59149.266506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59147.305669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59149.266506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59147.305669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                388231                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       393196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24005551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24042876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       393299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61149.266506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61147.305669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23220405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23256484000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59149.266506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59147.305669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4920.503868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             776427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           388231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   588.859266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4331.644602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1178797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1178797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.676761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.676761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.963581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2502398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2502398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       388192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1174584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1174584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1174584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     50008832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     50008832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                50008832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2334156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2080883250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        25124672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            25164544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     24844288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         24844288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           392573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               393196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        388192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              388192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1090964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          687452492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              688543455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1090964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1090964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       679780723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             679780723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       679780723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1090964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         687452492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1368324178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    388192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    392573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023302250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24260                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24260                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1159710                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              363903                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       393196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      388192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     393196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    388192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              24638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              24551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              24581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              24537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              24603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              24559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              24561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              24607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              24545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              24530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             24583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             24555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             24590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             24569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             24623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             24564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              24256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              24256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              24256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              24264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              24266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              24267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              24264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              24264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              24265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              24260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             24256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             24257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             24258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             24258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             24259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             24257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3580079500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              10952504500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9105.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27855.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    339242                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   335014                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 393196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                388192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   393195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       107090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     466.908955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.093665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    105.228103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            93      0.09%      0.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4750      4.44%      4.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9324      8.71%     13.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4636      4.33%     17.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        88263     82.42%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        107090                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.207090                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.003912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      32.236275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          24259    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.019261                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             24259    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                25164544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 24842432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 25164544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              24844288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        688.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        679.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     688.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     679.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    36547459000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46772.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     25124672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     24842432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1090963.724662667140                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 687452491.624393582344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 679729939.416107296944                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       392573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       388192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  10935942250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 892736119000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27857.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299728.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             382368420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             203210865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1403431260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1013045400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2884505520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15264737370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1179725760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         22331024595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.013688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2942194750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1220180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32385128250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             382347000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             203195685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1403988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1013165460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2884505520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15259129710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1184448000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         22330779555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.006983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2954535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1220180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32372787750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         392701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             392701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        392701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            392701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30681248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30681248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30681248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30681248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       798857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           798857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       798859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          798859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.491579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.491577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78128.774819                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78128.774819                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78128.774819                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78128.774819                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        392701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29895848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29895848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29895848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29895848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76128.779911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76128.779911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76128.779911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76128.779911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     392514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       392466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           392466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30667856000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30667856000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       397889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         397889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.986371                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78141.433908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78141.433908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       392466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  29882926000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29882926000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.986371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986371                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76141.439004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76141.439004                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.787576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  399265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                392514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.017199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.787576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.725733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.725733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1191559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1191559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        392585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            393300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           393300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28323997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28369371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28323997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28369371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          393458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         393458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72147.425398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72131.632342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72147.425398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72131.632342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       393300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       393300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27538829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27582773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27538829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27582773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70147.430493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70131.637427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70147.430493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70131.637427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    392911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           393300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28323997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28369371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       392701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         393458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72147.425398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72131.632342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       392585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27538829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27582773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70147.430493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70131.637427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.443626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 785270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               392911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.971390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.605866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.866369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1179231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1179231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               393458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              393457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        392419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1177820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1179334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     50247616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 50296064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2355553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  36547503000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                55086230000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  49800                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    89839                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              914431401                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5411993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.055086                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55086230000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            601773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5411993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      600970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      745962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        296154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3751641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         55086219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   55086219                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2394543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       599566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5557592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5557592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10222692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4210407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      600926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1346887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     745961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4210399     75.73%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.02%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.01%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   600610     10.80%     86.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  745785     13.41%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5560066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        593196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       593196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36244278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  36281603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36244278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  36281603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       593299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       593299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61164.241368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61162.925913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61164.241368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61162.925913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       588192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           588192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       593196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       593196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35059132000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35095211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35059132000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35095211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59164.241368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59162.925913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59164.241368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59162.925913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                588231                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       593196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  36244278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36281603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       593299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61164.241368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61162.925913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35059132000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35095211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59164.241368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59162.925913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4935.478602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1176427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           588231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.243169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4346.235433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1778797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1778797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3750884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3750884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3750884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3750884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3751641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3751641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3750884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3750884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3751641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3751641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.785544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.785544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3752398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3752398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              593196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             593196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       588192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1774584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1774584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1774584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     75608832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     75608832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                75608832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3534156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3139327250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37924672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37964544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     37644288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         37644288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           592573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               593196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        588192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              588192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             723811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688460111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689183921                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        723811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            723811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       683370200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             683370200                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       683370200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            723811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688460111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1372554121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    588192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    592573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023302250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         36760                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         36760                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1751972                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              551403                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       593196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      588192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     593196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    588192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              37142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              37055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              37085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              37041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              37107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              37056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              37057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              37103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              37041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              37026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             37079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             37051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             37086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             37072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             37127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             37068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              36756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              36752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              36762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              36763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              36761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             36760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             36761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             36762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             36762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             36763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5410362500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16532787500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9120.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27870.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    511861                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   507633                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 593196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                588192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   593195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   36762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   36761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   36760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   36760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   36760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   36760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       161852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.101302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.471829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.853645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            93      0.06%      0.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7131      4.41%      4.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14086      8.70%     13.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7017      4.34%     17.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       133501     82.48%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        161852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.136670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.002581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.188010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          36759    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          36760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000082                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015647                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             36759    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          36760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37964544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 37642432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37964544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              37644288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        683.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     683.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    55086186000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46628.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37924672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     37642432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 723810.651046550134                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688460110.630188345909                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 683336507.145252108574                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       592573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       588192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16516225250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1352675766000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27872.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299718.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             577890180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             307129350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2117367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1535149800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4347963360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       23025807780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1762958400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         33674265870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.300971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4395050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1839240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  48851940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             577825920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             307098990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2118052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1535061060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4347963360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23017909290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1769609760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         33673520820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.287446                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4412412250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1839240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48834577750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           606156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               606156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          606158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              606158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         592701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             592701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        592701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            592701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46319975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46319975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46319975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46319975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1198857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1198857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1198859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1198859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.494388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.494388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78150.661126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78150.661126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78150.661126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78150.661126                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          592419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                592419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        592701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       592701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45134575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45134575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45134575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45134575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.494388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76150.664500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76150.664500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76150.664500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76150.664500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     592514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          600733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              600733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       600968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          600968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       592466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           592466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46306583000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46306583000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       597889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         597889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.990930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78159.055541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78159.055541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       592466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45121653000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45121653000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.990930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76159.058916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76159.058916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.859065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  599265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                592514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.011394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.859065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1791559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1791559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        592585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            593300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           593300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42762724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42808098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42762724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42808098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          593458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         593458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72163.021339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72152.533288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72163.021339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72152.533288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         592302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               592302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       593300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       593300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41577556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41621500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41577556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41621500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70163.024714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70152.536659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70163.024714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70152.536659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    592911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           593300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42762724000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42808098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         593458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72163.021339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72152.533288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       592585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       593300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41577556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41621500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70163.024714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70152.536659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       592419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.630868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1185270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               592911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.981019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.738508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.911341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1779231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1779231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               593458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              593457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        592419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1777820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1779334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     75847616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 75896064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3555553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  55086230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                73624935000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  60071                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34267104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   108307                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1105672858                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7211993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.073625                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 73624935000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            801773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7211993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      800970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      995962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        396154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5001641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         73624924                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   73624924                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3194543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       799566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7407592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7407592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13622692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      800926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1796887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     995961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5610399     75.71%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.01%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   800610     10.80%     86.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  995785     13.44%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7410066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        793196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       793196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48482983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  48520308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48482983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  48520308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       793299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       793299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61171.630878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.641304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61171.630878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.641304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       788192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           788192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       793196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       793196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46897837000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  46933916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46897837000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  46933916000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59171.630878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.641304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59171.630878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.641304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                788231                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       793196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  48482983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48520308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       793299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61171.630878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.641304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46897837000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46933916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59171.630878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.641304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4942.912069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1576427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           788231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.433738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4353.478330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2378797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2378797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5000884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5000884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5000884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5000884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5001641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5001641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5000884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5000884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5001641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5001641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.839544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.839544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5002398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5002398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              793196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             793196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       788192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2374584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2374584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2374584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    101208832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    101208832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               101208832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4734156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4197771750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        50724672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            50764544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     50444288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         50444288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           792573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               793196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        788192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              788192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             541556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          688960500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689502055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        541556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            541556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       685152225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             685152225                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       685152225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            541556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         688960500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1374654280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    788192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    792573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023302250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49260                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49260                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2344234                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              738903                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       793196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      788192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     793196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    788192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              49638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              49551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              49581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              49537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              49603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              49559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              49561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              49607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              49545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              49530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             49583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             49555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             49590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             49569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             49623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             49564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              49264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              49264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              49265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              49260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             49256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             49257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             49257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7240623000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              22113048000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9128.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27878.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    684480                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   680252                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 793196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                788192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   793195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       216614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.196395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.658904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.667895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            93      0.04%      0.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9512      4.39%      4.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18848      8.70%     13.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9398      4.34%     17.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       178739     82.51%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        216614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.101989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      22.622628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          49259    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000061                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49259    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                50764544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 50442432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 50764544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              50444288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        685.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     685.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    73624891000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46557.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     50724672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     50442432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 541555.656381903798                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 688960499.591612577438                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 685127015.731830477715                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       792573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       788192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  22096485750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1812615818000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27879.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299713.54                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             773369100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             411032655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2831431260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2057045400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5811421200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       30784825050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2347911840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         45017036505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.437368                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5852385750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2458300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65314249250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             773347680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             411017475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2831988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2057165460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5811421200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       30778236420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2353460160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         45016636575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.431936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5866877250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2458300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  65299757750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           806156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               806156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          806158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              806158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         792701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             792701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        792701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            792701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61958680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  61958680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61958680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  61958680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1598857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1598857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1598859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1598859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.495792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.495792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78161.475765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78161.475765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78161.475765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78161.475765                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          792419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                792419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        792701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       792701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60373280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60373280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60373280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60373280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76161.478288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76161.478288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76161.478288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76161.478288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     792514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          800733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              800733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       800968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          800968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       792466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           792466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61945288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61945288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       797889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         797889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.993203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78167.754831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78167.754831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       792466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60360358000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60360358000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.993203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76167.757355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76167.757355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.894552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  799265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                792514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.008518                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.894552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2391559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2391559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        792585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            793300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           793300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57201429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  57246803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57201429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  57246803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          793458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         793458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72170.718598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.867768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72170.718598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.867768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         792302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               792302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       793300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       793300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55616261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55660205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55616261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55660205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70170.721121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.870289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70170.721121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.870289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    792911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           793300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57201429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57246803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       792701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         793458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72170.718598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72162.867768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       792585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       793300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55616261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55660205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70170.721121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70162.870289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.723815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1585270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               792911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.985798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.804352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.933665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2379231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2379231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               793458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              793457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        792419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2377820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2379334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    101447616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                101496064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4755553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  73624935000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                92163612000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69777                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34269480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   125766                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1286178078                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9011993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.092164                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92163612000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1001773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9011993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1000970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1245962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        496154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6251641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         92163601                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   92163601                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3994543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       999566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9257592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9257592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17022692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7010407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1000926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2246887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1245961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7010399     75.71%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000610     10.81%     86.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1245785     13.45%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9260066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        993196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       993196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60721660000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  60758985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60721660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  60758985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       993299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       993299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61176.014258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61175.221205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61176.014258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61175.221205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       988192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           988192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       993196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       993196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58736514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58772593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58736514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58772593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59176.014258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59175.221205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59176.014258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59175.221205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                988231                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       993196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60721660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  60758985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       993299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61176.014258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61175.221205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  58736514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58772593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59176.014258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59175.221205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4947.355048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1976427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           988231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.547642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4357.807406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2978797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2978797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6250884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6250884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6251641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6251641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6250884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6251641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.871819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.871819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6252398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6252398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              993196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             993196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       988192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2974584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2974584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2974584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    126808832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    126808832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               126808832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5934156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5256217250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        63524672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            63564544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     63244288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         63244288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           992573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               993196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        988192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              988192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             432622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689259792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689692414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        432622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            432622                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       686217550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             686217550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       686217550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            432622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689259792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1375909963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    988192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    992573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023302250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         61760                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         61760                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2936496                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              926403                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       993196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      988192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     993196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    988192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              62142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              62055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              62085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              62041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              62107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              62056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              62057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              62103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              62041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              62026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             62079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             62051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             62086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             62072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             62127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             62068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              61760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              61756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              61752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              61760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              61762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              61763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              61760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              61760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              61761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              61760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             61760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             61761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             61762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             61762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             61763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             61761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    9070854500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              27693279500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9133.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27883.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    857099                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   852871                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 993196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                988192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   993195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   61762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   61761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   61760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   61760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   61760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   61760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       271378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.253440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.770958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.556599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            93      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11893      4.38%      4.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        23610      8.70%     13.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11779      4.34%     17.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       223979     82.53%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        271378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        61760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.081347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      20.203965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          61759    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          61760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        61760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             61759    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          61760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                63564544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 63242432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 63564544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              63244288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        686.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     686.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    92163568000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46514.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     63524672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     63242432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 432621.933263639861                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689259791.597577571869                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 686197411.620542764664                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       992573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       988192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  27676717250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2272552384000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27883.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299707.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             968883720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             514954935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3545367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2579149800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7274879040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       38544315990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2932455840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56360006325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.521240                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7308656750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3077360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  81777595250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             968833740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             514924575                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3546052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2579061060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7274879040.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       38538077340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2937709440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56359537635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.516155                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7322379750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3077360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  81763872250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1006156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1006156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1006158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1006158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         992701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             992701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        992701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            992701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77597357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77597357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77597357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77597357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1998857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1998857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1998859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1998859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.496634                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.496634                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78167.904535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78167.904535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78167.904535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78167.904535                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          992419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                992419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        992701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       992701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75611957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75611957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75611957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75611957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.496634                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76167.906550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76167.906550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76167.906550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76167.906550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     992514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1000733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1000733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1000968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1000968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       992466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           992466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  77583965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77583965000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       997889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         997889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.994566                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78172.919778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78172.919778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       992466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  75599035000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  75599035000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.994566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76172.921793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76172.921793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.915763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  999265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                992514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.006802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.915763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2991559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2991559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        992585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            993300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           993300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71640106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  71685480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71640106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  71685480000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          993458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         993458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72175.285744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72169.012383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72175.285744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72169.012383                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         992302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               992302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       993300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       993300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69654938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  69698882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69654938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  69698882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70175.287759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70169.014396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70175.287759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70169.014396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    992911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           993300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  71640106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71685480000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       992701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         993458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72175.285744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72169.012383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       992585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       993300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  69654938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69698882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70175.287759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70169.014396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       992419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.779370                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1985270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               992911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.988655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.843706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.947008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2979231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2979231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               993458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              993457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        992419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2977820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2979334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    127047616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                127096064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5955553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  92163612000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               110702308000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  78312                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34274052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   141118                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    76.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1444889269                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.110702                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                110702308000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1201773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10811993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1200970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1495962                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        596154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7501641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        110702297                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  110702297                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4794543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1199566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11107592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11107592                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            20422692                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8410407                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1200926                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2696887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1495961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8410399     75.70%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1200610     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1495785     13.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11110066                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1193196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1193196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72960356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  72997681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72960356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  72997681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1193299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1193299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61178.943344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61178.281691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61178.943344                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61178.281691                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1188192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1188192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70575210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70611289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70575210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70611289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59178.943344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59178.281691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59178.943344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59178.281691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1188231                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1193196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  72960356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72997681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1193299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61178.943344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61178.281691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  70575210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70611289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59178.943344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59178.281691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4950.309949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2376427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1188231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.623396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4360.686554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          3578797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         3578797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7500884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7500884                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7501641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7501641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7500884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7501641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.893285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   34219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 67.096078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.893285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7502398                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7502398                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1193196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1188192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3574584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3574584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3574584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    152408832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    152408832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               152408832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7134156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         6314662750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        76324672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            76364544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     76044288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         76044288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1192573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1193196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1188192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1188192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             360173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689458724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689818897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        360173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            360173                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       686925949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             686925949                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       686925949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            360173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689458724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1376744846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1188192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1192573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023302250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         74260                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         74260                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              3528758                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1113903                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1193196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1188192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1193196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1188192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              74638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              74551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              74581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              74537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              74603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              74559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              74561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              74607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              74545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              74530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             74583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             74555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             74590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             74569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             74623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             74564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              74256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              74256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              74256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              74264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              74266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              74267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              74264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              74264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              74265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              74260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             74256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             74257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             74258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             74258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             74259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             74257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   10901105000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  5965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              33273530000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9136.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27886.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1029718                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1025490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1193196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1188192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1193195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   74262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   74261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   74260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   74260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   74260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   74260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       326140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.291053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.845028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.482858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            93      0.03%      0.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        14274      4.38%      4.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28372      8.70%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14160      4.34%     17.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       269217     82.55%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        326140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.067654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      18.425225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          74259    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          74260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000037                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.011009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             74259    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          74260                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                76364544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 76042432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 76364544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              76044288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        686.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     686.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   110702264000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46486.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     76324672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     76042432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 360173.159172074345                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689458723.841602325439                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 686909183.501395463943                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1192573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1188192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  33256967750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2732490116000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27886.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299704.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1164384060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             618862035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4259431260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3101045400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      8738336880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       46304916150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3516072960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         67703048745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.577572                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8762514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3696420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  98243374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1164334080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             618839265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4259988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3101165460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      8738336880.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       46296339930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3523295040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         67702298835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.570798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8781362750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3696420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  98224525250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1206156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1206158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1192701                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93236053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93236053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93236053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93236053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2398857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2398859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78172.193198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78172.193198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78172.193198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78172.193198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1192419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1192701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90850653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90850653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90850653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90850653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76172.194875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76172.194875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76172.194875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76172.194875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1192514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1200733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1200968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1192466                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  93222661000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  93222661000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1197889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.995473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78176.368131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78176.368131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1192466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  90837731000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  90837731000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995473                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76176.369808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76176.369808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.929870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1199265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1192514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  1.005661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.929870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3591559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3591559                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1192585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1193300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1193300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86078802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  86124176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86078802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  86124176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1193458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1193458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72178.336974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72173.113215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72178.336974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72173.113215                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1192302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1193300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1193300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83693634000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83737578000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83693634000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83737578000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70178.338651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70173.114891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70178.338651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70173.114891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1192911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1193300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  86078802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86124176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1192701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1193458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72178.336974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72173.113215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1192585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1193300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  83693634000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83737578000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70178.338651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70173.114891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1192419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.816317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2385270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1192911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.990555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.869880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.955883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.530996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3579231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3579231                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1193458                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1193457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1192419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3577820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 3579334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    152647616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                152696064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           7155553000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          5963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 110702308000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               129241020000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  86064                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34276428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   155062                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    81.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1588992877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12611991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.129241                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                129241020000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1401773                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12611991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1400970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            18                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1745961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                        696154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8751640                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        129241020                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  129241020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7012611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             5594543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1399566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   2241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          2241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3642                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1736                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        1418                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12957590                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12957590                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23822687                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9810405                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1400925                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3146886                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1745961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   846      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9810398     75.70%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      171      0.00%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      13      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      956      0.01%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      336      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     416      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1400609     10.81%     86.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1745785     13.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 316      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                176      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12960064                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    84                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            103                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total       1393196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total      1393196                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85199083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  85236408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85199083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  85236408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total      1393299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total      1393299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61181.053345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61180.485732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61181.053345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61180.485732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks      1388192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total          1388192                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82413937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  82450016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82413937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  82450016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59181.053345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59180.485732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59181.053345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59180.485732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements               1388231                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total      1393196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     37325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  85199083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85236408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total      1393299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59911.717496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61181.053345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61180.485732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     36079000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  82413937000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82450016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.871329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57911.717496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59181.053345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59180.485732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4952.417133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            2785601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs          1393196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.677417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4362.739717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.008998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          869                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075760                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          4178797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         4178797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8750883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8750883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8750883                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8750883                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               757                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8751640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8751640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        510                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8750883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8750883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8751640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8751640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66463.672391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64463.672391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               246.908593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8751640                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              11560.951123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.908593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8752397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8752397                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1393196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1388192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4174584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      4174584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4174584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    178008832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    178008832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               178008832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          8334156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7373107750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           39872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        89124672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            89164544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          39872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     88844288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         88844288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data          1392573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1393196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1388192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1388192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             308509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          689600500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              689909009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        308509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            308509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       687431034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             687431034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       687431034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            308509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         689600500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1377340043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1388192.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples   1392573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000023302250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         86760                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         86760                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4121020                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1301403                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1393196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1388192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1393196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1388192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              87142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              87055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              87085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              87041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              87107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              87056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              87057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              87103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              87041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              87026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             87079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             87051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             87086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             87072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             87127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             87068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              86760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              86756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              86752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              86760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              86762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              86763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              86760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              86760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              86761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              86760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             86760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             86761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             86762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             86762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             86763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             86761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   12731387000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  6965980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              38853812000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9138.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27888.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   1202337                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1198109                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1393196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1388192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                  1393195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   86762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   86761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   86760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   86760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   86760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   86760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       380902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     467.317851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    447.897808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    104.430281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            93      0.02%      0.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16655      4.37%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        33134      8.70%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16541      4.34%     17.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       314455     82.56%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        380902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        86760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.057907                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.001094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      17.046314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          86759    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          86760                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        86760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.010185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             86759    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          86760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                89164544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 88842432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 89164544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              88844288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        689.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        687.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     689.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     687.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         10.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      5.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     5.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   129240991000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       46466.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        39872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     89124672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     88842432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 308508.861969674937                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 689600499.903204083443                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 687416673.127463698387                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          623                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data      1392573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1388192                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     16562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  38837249750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 3192429750000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26584.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27888.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2299703.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     86.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy            1359877260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             722772930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           4973367000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          3623149800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      10201794720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       54063569760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4101335040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         79045866510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         611.615929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10220653750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   4315480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT 114704886250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy            1359841560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             722750160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           4974052440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          3623061060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      10201794720.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       54057530610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4106420640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         79045451190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         611.612715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10233940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   4315480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT 114691600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1406156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1406158                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total            1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       1392700                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total           1392700                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108874780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108874780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108874780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108874780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2798856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2798856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2798858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2798858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.497596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.497596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78175.328499                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78175.328499                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78175.328499                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78175.328499                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks         1392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total               1392419                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1392700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106089380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 106089380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106089380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 106089380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.497596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76175.328499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76175.328499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76175.328499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76175.328499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                    1392514                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1400733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1400968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56987.234043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12922000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54987.234043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data           5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total               5423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392465                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          1392465                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 108861388000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108861388000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1397888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1397888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.996121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78178.904317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78178.904317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1392465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 106076458000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 106076458000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.996121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996121                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76178.904317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76178.904317                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               185.939930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2798858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               1392700                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  2.009663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   185.939930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.726328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.726562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4191558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4191558                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data             116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                158                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       1392584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1393299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1393299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100517529000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 100562903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100517529000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 100562903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1393457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1393457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72180.585875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72176.110799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72180.585875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72176.110799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1392302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1393299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1393299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97732361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97776305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97732361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97776305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70180.585875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70176.110799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70180.585875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70176.110799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                   1392911                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             42                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          1393299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data 100517529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 100562903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1392700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        1393457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63460.139860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72180.585875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72176.110799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data      1392584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1393299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     43944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  97732361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97776305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.944518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61460.139860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70180.585875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70176.110799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1392419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              442.842665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2785876                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1393354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.999403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    19.991910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   271.888545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.962211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.531032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.294848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.864927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.865234                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              4179230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             4179230                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq              1393457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp             1393457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1392419                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4177819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 4179333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    178247616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                178296064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3785000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           8355552000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          6963500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 129241020000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
