
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4221163000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104399                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34246216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   233068                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              440672152                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004221                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4221163000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            216962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263485                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       79584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4221152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4221152                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1518798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 500168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        500168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               894107                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              456038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1832042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1832042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3506430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1456919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        342902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      79572                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38784      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545608     69.23%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      327      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       861      0.04%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1833      0.08%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18912      0.85%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   138067      6.18%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115436      5.17%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23832      1.07%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4878      0.22%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 152      0.01%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 725      0.03%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   166961      7.48%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56348      2.52%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               96369      4.32%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23224      1.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2232561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    62                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5609                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7348                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12957                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2271                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3030                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5301                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    319151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    319151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.290338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.290338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63555.702334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.049505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60205.810224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63555.702334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.049505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60205.810224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          643                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              643                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61555.702334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55695.049505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58205.810224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61555.702334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55695.049505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58205.810224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2498                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.290338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63555.702334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57695.049505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60205.810224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    139793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.290338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61555.702334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55695.049505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58205.810224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2320.089788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.817054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.953041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1015.145000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1265.991747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.123919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.154540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.283214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.395264                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            28383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           28383                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    380303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    380303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27373.713381                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27373.713381                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27373.713381                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27373.713381                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25373.713381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25373.713381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25373.713381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25373.713381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    380303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    380303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27373.713381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27373.713381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    352517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25373.713381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25373.713381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.222521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1335370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 97.922564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.222521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1384066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1384066                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          643                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       380416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       380416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  380416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8516000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28296750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          145344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          193920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              339264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       145344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         145344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        41152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            41152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 643                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           34432217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           45939946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               80372163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      34432217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          34432217                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9748972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9748972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9748972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          34432217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          45939946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              90121135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       465.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2271.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2910.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004553496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            25                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12079                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 409                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5301                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         643                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5301                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       643                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     120                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    178                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      46481000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    25905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                143624750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8971.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27721.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3558                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      340                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5301                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   643                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     209.268065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.252474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    245.873542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           790     46.04%     46.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          489     28.50%     74.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          171      9.97%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           80      4.66%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      2.16%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      1.40%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.86%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.87%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           78      4.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      204.520000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.688806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     404.158603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              11     44.00%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             8     32.00%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            2      8.00%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      4.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.360000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.334196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.952190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 8     32.00%     32.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     68.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  331584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    27776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   339264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 41152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         78.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      80.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4220731000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      710082.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       145344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       186240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        27776                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 34432216.903256282210                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44120542.134951904416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6580177.074422380887                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2271                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3030                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          643                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     68539000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     75085750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  92665464750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30180.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24780.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 144114253.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5083680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2702040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17221680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1158840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      333134880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         680932830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1047509760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2087743710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.589692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2716455250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    140920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1363787750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7175700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3810180                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19770660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1106640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      333134880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         811685130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         937402560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2114085750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.830162                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2428650750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    140920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1651592250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    362692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    434319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29614.762799                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29614.762799                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29090.354990                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29090.354990                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    338200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    338200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    404461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27614.926104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27614.926104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27090.488948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27090.488948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14673                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    184162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    184162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23692.525408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23692.525408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    168616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21692.525408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21692.525408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    178530000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    178530000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39903.889137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39903.889137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169584000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169584000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37904.336165                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37904.336165                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71627000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     71627000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26696.608274                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26696.608274                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66261000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66261000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24696.608274                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24696.608274                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.980100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  337710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.015743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.980100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                357967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               357967                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    545903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    545903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.633487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30740.228426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29258.117352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29897.749055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30740.228426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29258.117352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29897.749055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28740.228426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27258.310049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27897.858590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28740.228426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27258.310049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27897.858590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    242233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303670000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    545903000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30740.228426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29258.117352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29897.749055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    226473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282914000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28740.228426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27258.310049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27897.858590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.784215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.600336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.069777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   131.907228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   261.807210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.257631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.511342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   63102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1304704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            74645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4221163000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8201039000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 110977                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236373                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              455037491                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008201                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8201039000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      518797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      259180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2658065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8201028                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8201028                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2591342                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1117181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3807430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3807430                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7383134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3023114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      518555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        777719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51207      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3092266     72.59%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4004      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.03%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.06%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.48%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      3.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      2.93%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.68%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.12%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.01%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.03%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   413982      9.72%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216012      5.07%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      2.45%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      1.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4260140                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    99                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10830                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18228                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29058                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4679                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7713                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    470871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    470871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.209758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59433.425946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61049.008168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59433.425946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61049.008168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    455445000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    455445000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57433.425946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59049.008168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57433.425946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59049.008168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3955                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    470871000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.209758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59433.425946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61049.008168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455445000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57433.425946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59049.008168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3079.055642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.756511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.234267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1167.376752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1864.444623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.142502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.227593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.375861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4363                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.532593                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            54002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           54002                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    561211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    561211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26473.465730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26473.465730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26473.465730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26473.465730                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    518813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    518813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    518813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    518813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24473.465730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24473.465730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24473.465730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24473.465730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    561211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26473.465730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26473.465730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    518813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    518813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24473.465730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24473.465730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.055691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1902386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 90.836365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.055691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2679264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2679264                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       555520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       555520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  555520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12548000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41231250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          194176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          299456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              493632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23677000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           36514398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60191398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23677000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23677000                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         7546361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               7546361                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         7546361                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23677000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          36514398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              67737759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3034.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4514.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004553496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18151                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 701                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7713                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         967                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7713                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       967                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73799250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                215324250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9777.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28527.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4853                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7713                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   967                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.102197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.837398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    228.100666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1470     51.27%     51.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          809     28.22%     79.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          232      8.09%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      3.73%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      1.57%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.26%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      1.29%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.70%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111      3.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.534884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.922298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.464196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              18     41.86%     41.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14     32.56%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6     13.95%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.302326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.275419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     34.88%     34.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     65.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  483072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   493632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 61888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         58.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       7.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8197899000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      944458.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       288896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23676999.950859885663                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35226756.024450071156                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5806093.593750743195                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4679                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          967                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91524000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    123800250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 131425682000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30166.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26458.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 135910736.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7582680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4030290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23797620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      647215920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1139999430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2189199840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4013720640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.416114                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5679909500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    273780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2247349500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12887700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6849975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30095100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      647215920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1949144640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1507814400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4155996555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.764637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3900283000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    273780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4026976000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    741759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    741759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    819479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    819479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26655.131522                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26655.131522                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26782.985260                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26782.985260                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    686105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    686105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    758287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    758287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24655.203392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24655.203392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24783.050626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24783.050626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      30340                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    415548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    415548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21735.955644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21735.955644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19736.060257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19736.060257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326211000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    326211000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37452.468427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37452.468427                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308791000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308791000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35452.468427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35452.468427                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.357361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  678715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 30340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.370303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.357361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                808527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               808527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    933468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    933468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           51796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          51796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26467.541835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24730.312555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25385.293158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26467.541835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24730.312555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25385.293158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    859926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    859926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24467.541835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22730.399860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23385.347547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24467.541835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22730.399860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23385.347547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42555                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    366946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566522000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    933468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          51796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26467.541835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24730.312555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25385.293158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24467.541835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22730.399860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23385.347547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.712404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.448314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.315613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   133.904943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   266.491848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.205695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.261533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.520492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               105555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              105555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                51796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               51795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  114283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1356736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           105995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            105256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           152980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8201039000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11830066000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117646                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   246261                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              463896866                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011830                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11830066000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      786660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      425871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3915842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11830055                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11830055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3586207                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1677647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       489509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       95327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5812202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5812202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11317218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4638970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      786339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1212194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     425855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 61291      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4662573     74.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9058      0.14%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.04%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.32%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      2.38%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.99%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.46%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.08%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681766     10.86%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  382703      6.09%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.67%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6280060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10858                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29008                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39866                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5309                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8343                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320628000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    513410000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320628000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    513410000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.154705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.154705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60393.294406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61537.816133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60393.294406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61537.816133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.154705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.154705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58393.294406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59537.816133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58393.294406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59537.816133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4136                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320628000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    513410000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.154705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.173059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60393.294406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61537.816133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.154705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58393.294406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59537.816133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3539.965013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.815039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.843559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1179.083657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2310.037797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.143931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.281987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.432125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3337                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.587402                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            66949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           66949                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    561834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    561834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26460.415391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26460.415391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26460.415391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26460.415391                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24460.415391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24460.415391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24460.415391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24460.415391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20977                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    561834000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    561834000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26460.415391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26460.415391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    519368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24460.415391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24460.415391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.652133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2094950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.868904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.652133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3937075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3937075                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       595840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       595840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  595840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13178000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44654250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          194176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          339776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              533952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16413771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28721395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45135167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16413771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16413771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5231416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5231416                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5231416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16413771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28721395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              50366583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3034.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5144.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004553496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20343                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 701                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8343                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         967                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8343                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       967                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      83462750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                236800250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10205.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28955.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5015                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8343                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   967                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     171.216792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    114.311540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.564663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1776     53.25%     53.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          971     29.12%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          232      6.96%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      3.21%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      1.35%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.08%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      1.11%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.60%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.534884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.922298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.464196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              18     41.86%     41.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14     32.56%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6     13.95%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.302326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.275419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     34.88%     34.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     65.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  523392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   533952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 61888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         44.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11825518000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1270195.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       329216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16413771.486989168450                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 27828754.294354740530                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4024998.677099518944                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5309                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          967                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91524000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    145276250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 131425682000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30166.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27364.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 135910736.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8867880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4713390                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25532640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      933638160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1595657430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3199033920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5769338280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.684370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8300739750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    394940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3134386250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14944020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7942935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32858280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      933638160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2632789530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2325659520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5949821265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.940665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6019603500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    394940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5415522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1009835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1009835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1087555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25305.976695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25305.976695                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25485.190045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25485.190045                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    930027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1002209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23306.026814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23306.026814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23485.236912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23485.236912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42417                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    624594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20694.254854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20694.254854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18694.321119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18694.321119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385241000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    385241000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39621.618842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39621.618842                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365795000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365795000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37621.618842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37621.618842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.781551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1173886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.674894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.781551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1255149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1255149                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1123441000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756131000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1123441000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.754377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26440.397351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22033.073023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.069903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26440.397351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22033.073023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.069903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339526000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24440.397351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20033.131301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21303.111388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24440.397351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20033.131301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21303.111388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1123441000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26440.397351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22033.073023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.069903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24440.397351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20033.131301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21303.111388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.641206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.372349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.486974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    95.891637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   305.262595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.187288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.596216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               130790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              130790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  139719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           213365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11830066000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15454710000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119340                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   247622                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              461083036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015455                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15454710000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1054468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5173473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15454699                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15454699                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4581005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2238104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       656143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      125665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7816893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7816893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15251076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6254782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1054070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1646600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6232865     75.10%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    14111      0.17%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.25%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.80%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.51%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.35%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.06%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   949497     11.44%     91.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  549378      6.62%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.26%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8299898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   102                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        39754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           50632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10878                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        39754                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          50632                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5940                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8974                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    555744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    555744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.150555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.150555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61104.713805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61928.237129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61104.713805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61928.237129                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    537796000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    537796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59104.713805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59928.237129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59104.713805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59928.237129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4326                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        39754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          50632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    555744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.150555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61104.713805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61928.237129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    537796000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.218085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.129995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59104.713805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59928.237129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3889.179763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              13185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.047850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    52.756516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1142.751260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2693.671987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.139496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.328817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.474753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.641235                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            79821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           79821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    562306000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    562306000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26450.256362                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26450.256362                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26450.256362                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26450.256362                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24450.256362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24450.256362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24450.256362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24450.256362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21003                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    562306000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26450.256362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26450.256362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    519788000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24450.256362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24450.256362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.968253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2341751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                111.496024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.968253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5194732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5194732                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8974                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       636224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       636224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  636224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13809000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           48082250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          194176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          380160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              574336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12564196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24598326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               37162522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12564196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12564196                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4004475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4004475                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4004475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12564196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24598326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              41166997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3034.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5775.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004553496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22535                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 701                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         967                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8974                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       967                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      92869500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    44045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                258038250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10542.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29292.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8974                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   967                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     160.791163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.661390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    203.156147                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2080     54.71%     54.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1134     29.83%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          232      6.10%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      2.81%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      1.18%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.95%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.97%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.53%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111      2.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.534884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.922298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.464196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              18     41.86%     41.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14     32.56%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6     13.95%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.302326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.275419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     34.88%     34.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     65.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  563776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   574336                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 61888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         36.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      37.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15452896000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1554460.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       369600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12564195.640034656972                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23915039.492814812809                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3081002.490502895322                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5940                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          967                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91524000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    166514250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 131425682000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30166.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28032.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 135910736.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12209400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6485655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30037980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2677674180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3679725120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7627472955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.537113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9539521750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    515840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5399348250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14944020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7942935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32858280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1219445760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2685004380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3673552320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7635736515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.071808                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9523347500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    515840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5415522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1273581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1273581000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1351301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1351301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24626.440560                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24626.440560                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24801.339818                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24801.339818                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1170151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1242333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1242333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22626.479233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22626.479233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22801.376526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22801.376526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54228                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    831090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    831090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20227.565897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20227.565897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    748918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18227.614574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18227.614574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442491000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    442491000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41630.539091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41630.539091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421233000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    421233000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39630.539091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39630.539091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.536384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1532555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.261323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.536384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1701433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1701433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1312674000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1312674000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26421.075331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20682.875588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22022.145050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26421.075331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20682.875588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22022.145050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    853716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    853716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24421.075331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18682.919357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20022.178603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24421.075331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18682.919357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20022.178603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     66296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1312674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26421.075331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20682.875588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22022.145050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    339746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    853716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24421.075331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18682.919357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20022.178603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.663488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  87583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.321090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.522635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    74.562127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   334.578727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.194380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.145629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.653474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               155410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              155410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4309888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5670464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            140034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           272420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15454710000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19079990000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123541                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   254979                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              471424657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019080                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19079990000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1322331                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      759238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6431251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19079979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19079979                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5575870                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2798570                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      156019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9821666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9821666                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19185164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7870638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1321854                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2081076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     759222                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 81462      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7803172     75.61%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19165      0.19%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.20%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.45%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.21%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.28%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1217281     11.80%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  716070      6.94%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.01%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10319819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   104                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        50456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           61358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10902                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        50456                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          61358                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6570                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9604                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    597221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    597221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61558.447489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62184.610579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61558.447489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62184.610579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59558.447489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60184.610579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59558.447489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60184.610579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4457                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        50456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          61358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404439000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    597221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.135340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63540.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61558.447489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62184.610579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61540.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59558.447489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60184.610579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4196.659863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              13567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.043976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.942805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1091.450825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3051.266233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.133234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.372469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.512288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.702148                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            92830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           92830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    562914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    562914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26436.575400                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26436.575400                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26436.575400                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26436.575400                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    520328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    520328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24436.575400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24436.575400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24436.575400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24436.575400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21037                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    562914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26436.575400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26436.575400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    520328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24436.575400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24436.575400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.164289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2534315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                120.469411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.164289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6452544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6452544                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20175                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       676544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       676544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  676544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            14439000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           51504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          194176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          420480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              614656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         194176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10176945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22037747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               32214692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10176945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10176945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3243608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3243608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3243608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10176945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22037747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              35458300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3034.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6405.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004553496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24727                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 701                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9604                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         967                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9604                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       967                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     101472250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47195000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                278453500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10750.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29500.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5341                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9604                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   967                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     152.646521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.160639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    193.386788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2384     55.84%     55.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1297     30.38%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          232      5.43%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      2.51%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      1.05%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.84%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.87%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.47%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111      2.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.534884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.922298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.464196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              18     41.86%     41.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14     32.56%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6     13.95%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.302326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.275419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     34.88%     34.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     65.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  604096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   614656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 61888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      32.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19076819000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1804637.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       194176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       409920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10176944.537182670087                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21484287.989668756723                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2495598.792242553551                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3034                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6570                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          967                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91524000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    186929500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 131425682000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30166.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28451.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 135910736.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13009080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6914490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             31108980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1505868000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2973531540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4822689600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9355016550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.305108                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12507969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    637000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5935020750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17478720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9286365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             36285480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1505868000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3523895610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4359225120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9454028115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.494396                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11297515000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    637000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7145475000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1537569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1537569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1615289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1615289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24171.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24171.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24333.604495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24333.604495                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1410347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1410347000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1482529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22171.084072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22171.084072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22333.634624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22333.634624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1037462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1037462000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19953.494634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19953.494634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    933476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    933476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17953.533100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17953.533100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    500107000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    500107000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43045.877087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43045.877087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476871000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    476871000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41045.877087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41045.877087                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.004482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2048357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.977512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.004482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2147874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2147874                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1132637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1500519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1132637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1500519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           87674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          87674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.809396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26397.962113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19861.416522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21145.089695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26397.962113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19861.416522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21145.089695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1358595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1358595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24397.962113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17861.451593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19145.117878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24397.962113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17861.451593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19145.117878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    367882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1132637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1500519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          87674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26397.962113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19861.416522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21145.089695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1358595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24397.962113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17861.451593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19145.117878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.297440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.287085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.137441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    61.465193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   345.694806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.199487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.120049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.675185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               180471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              180471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                87674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1362752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6508288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            157769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           331900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19079990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22708036000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124635                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   256323                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              471695565                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022708                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22708036000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1590195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      925931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7689054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22708025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22708025                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6570770                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3359052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       989437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      186375                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11826487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11826487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23119334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9486532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1589640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2515555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     925915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91545      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9373524     75.96%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24219      0.20%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.17%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.21%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.23%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1485067     12.03%     91.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  882763      7.15%     98.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.85%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12339787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   106                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        61262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           72195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10933                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        61262                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          72195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3035                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7200                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10235                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192848000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    639740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192848000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    639740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        82430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        82430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63541.350906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62068.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62505.129458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63541.350906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62068.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62505.129458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              967                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7200                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    619270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    619270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61541.350906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60068.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60505.129458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61541.350906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60068.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60505.129458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4614                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        61262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          72195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    639740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        82430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.124166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63541.350906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62068.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62505.129458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.217282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.105168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61541.350906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60068.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60505.129458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4486.467292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.159515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.750789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1036.248936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3395.467567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.126495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.414486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.547664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.760010                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           105816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          105816                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    563708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    563708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26424.225379                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26424.225379                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26424.225379                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26424.225379                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    521042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    521042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24424.225379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24424.225379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24424.225379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24424.225379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21077                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    563708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    563708000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26424.225379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26424.225379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    521042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24424.225379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24424.225379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.297810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2890741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                137.151445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.297810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7710387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7710387                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          967                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       716928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       716928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  716928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           54932250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          194240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          460800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              655040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       194240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         194240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            61888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 967                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8553800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20292376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               28846176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8553800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8553800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2725379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2725379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2725379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8553800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20292376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31571555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       761.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3035.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7035.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004553496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26921                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 701                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10235                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         967                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10235                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       967                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111063750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    50350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                299876250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11029.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29779.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5504                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10235                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   967                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     146.073449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.410365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    184.881103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2690     56.78%     56.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1460     30.81%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          232      4.90%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      2.26%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      0.95%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.76%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.78%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.42%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111      2.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4738                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.534884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.922298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.464196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              18     41.86%     41.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14     32.56%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6     13.95%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.302326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.275419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     34.88%     34.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     65.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  644480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   655040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 61888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      28.85                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22703488000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2026735.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       194240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       450240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8553800.073242792860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19827342.179658338428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2096878.831793291029                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3035                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7200                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          967                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91556500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    208319750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 131425682000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30166.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28933.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 135910736.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13494600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7172550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             31765860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1792290240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3174603030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6046536000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11067757140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.393852                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15687695250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    758160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6262180750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20334720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10808160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40133940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1792290240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4467533460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4957752480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11290841820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.217893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12844104250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    758160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9105771750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1804253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1804253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1881973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1881973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23867.358952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23867.358952                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24015.785310                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24015.785310                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1653065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1653065000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1725247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1725247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21867.385409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21867.385409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22015.810832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22015.810832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      78107                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1246364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1246364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19770.375305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19770.375305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17770.407030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17770.407030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    557889000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44442.683024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44442.683024                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532783000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532783000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42442.683024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42442.683024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.323304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2429845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 78107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.109184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.323304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2594405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2594405                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         68463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             82431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            82431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1322498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1690860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1322498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1690860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.826815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26371.849943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19316.974132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20512.428577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26371.849943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19316.974132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20512.428577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1185574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1185574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24371.849943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17317.003345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18512.452839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24371.849943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17317.003345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18512.452839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90210                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            82431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1322498000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1690860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26371.849943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19316.974132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20512.428577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1185574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1526000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24371.849943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17317.003345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18512.452839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.729226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                90210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.261279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.477136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    52.552994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   355.699096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.102643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.694725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               205545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              205545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  214519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5983296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7348608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            175327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           391815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22708036000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26335689000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127676                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   261907                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              480344842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026336                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26335689000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1582034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1858003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8946663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26335689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26335689                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7565587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3919500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1156075                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      216715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13831129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13831129                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            27053096                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11102293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1857371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2949959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                101632      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10943770     76.21%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    29271      0.20%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.14%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.04%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      0.87%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.20%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1752798     12.21%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1049436      7.31%     98.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.73%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14359576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        72111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           83066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10955                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        72111                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          83066                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3036                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7831                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10867                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    682301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    682301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        93933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.115689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.115689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63542.160738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62493.551271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62786.509616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63542.160738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62493.551271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62786.509616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          968                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              968                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186842000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186842000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61542.160738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60493.551271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60786.509616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61542.160738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60493.551271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60786.509616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4770                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        72111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          83066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    682301000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.115689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63542.160738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62493.551271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62786.509616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186842000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    660567000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.216997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.097959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61542.160738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60493.551271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60786.509616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4757.986767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             107414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             9.362329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    55.410684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   971.020127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3731.555955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.118533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.455512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.580809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6703                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4965                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818237                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           118887                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          118887                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    564286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    564286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26416.647161                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26416.647161                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26416.647161                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26416.647161                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    521564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    521564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24416.647161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24416.647161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24416.647161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24416.647161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21105                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    564286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    564286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26416.647161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26416.647161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    521564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    521564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24416.647161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24416.647161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.394534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8946663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                418.831656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.394534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8968024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8968024                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          968                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       757440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       757440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  757440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15707000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          194304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          501184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              695488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       194304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         194304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        61952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            61952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7377973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19030601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26408574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7377973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7377973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2352397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2352397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2352397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7377973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19030601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28760971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       762.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3036.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7666.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004553496500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29118                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 701                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10867                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         968                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10867                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    206                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     120644000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                321306500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11273.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30023.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5665                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      572                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10867                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.645161                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.172929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    177.415061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2999     57.58%     57.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1621     31.13%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          232      4.45%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          107      2.05%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      0.86%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.69%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.71%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.38%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          111      2.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      161.534884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      86.922298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.464196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              18     41.86%     41.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14     32.56%     74.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            6     13.95%     88.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.33%     90.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.33%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.302326                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.275419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964486                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                15     34.88%     34.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                28     65.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  684928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    47616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   695488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 61952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26334424000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2225130.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       194304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       490624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        47616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7377972.909689205699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18629624.613200742751                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1808040.792097750120                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3036                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7831                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          968                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91589000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    229717500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 131425682000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30167.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29334.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 135770332.64                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16814700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8933430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36228360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1894860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2078712480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4247752860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6535849920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12926186610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         490.823939                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16948969500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    879320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8507399500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20377560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10830930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40183920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2078712480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4530500220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6297746880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12980340810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.880244                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16327179750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    879320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9129189250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2071333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2071333000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2149053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2149053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23648.323420                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23648.323420                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23783.760154                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23783.760154                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1896155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1896155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1968337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1968337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21648.323420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21648.323420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21783.760154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21783.760154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      90102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1455397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1455397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19644.696704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19644.696704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1307225000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17644.696704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17644.696704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    615936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    615936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45614.752277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45614.752277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    588930000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    588930000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43614.752277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43614.752277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77720000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72182000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26067.894547                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.554263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2950513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 90358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.653589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.554263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3040871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3040871                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         79942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             93933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            93933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1512971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1881696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1512971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1881696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.840797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26354.442141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18925.858748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20032.320910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26354.442141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18925.858748                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20032.320910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1353087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1353087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24354.442141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16925.858748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18032.320910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24354.442141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16925.858748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18032.320910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    102179                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            93933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1512971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1881696000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26354.442141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18925.858748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20032.320910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    340743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1353087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24354.442141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16925.858748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18032.320910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.042017                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               102691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.245630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.068896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.992418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   367.980703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.718712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230606                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6819456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8186560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            192699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           451790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26335689000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
